Under the chairmanship of Robert Gross, the department developed a broader program encompassing solid-state physics, quantum electronics, and applied mathematics in addition to the core theoretical areas of plasma and nuclear physics. In 1997, the Fu Foundation donated large sums of funding supporting researches at the department, and in 1998, it officially changed its name to the Department of Applied Physics and Applied Mathematics due to the department's ever expanding stature. In the same year of the donation, renowned Professors Aron Pinczuk and Horst Störmer joined the department. In 2000, the department expanded again, creating two joint faculty positions with the Department of Earth and Environmental Sciences. That year, the Materials Science and Engineering Program of the Henry Krumb School of Mines was integrated with the Department of Applied Physics and Applied Mathematics. Since 1978, the department has grown from nine to thirty one full-time faculty members, who are involved in interdisciplinary areas of research relating to nanoscale science, earth science, advanced scientific computing, materials and information technologies, and plasma physics. The departmental faculty has recently received many accolades, including three Sloans, four Guggenheims, and one Packard fellowship, one Nobel Prize in physics, one Gordon Bell Prize, and two Buckley Prizes. Faculty members do extensive research in Columbia's Nanoscience and Engineering Center, the Materials Research Science and Engineering Center, the Plasma Physics Laboratory, the Center for Terascale Computer Simulation.  Recently, the department has developed the sequential lateral solidification process that creates high-quality crystalline silicon films which generate major patent income. The department grants three undergraduate majors, including applied physics, applied mathematics, and materials science and engineering. Its graduate programs address these same three fields in a broader range. Each year, the department awards the Robert Simon Memorial Prize to its graduate student with the most distinguished doctoral dissertation.