Naina ( Sukirti Kandpal )lives in Mumbai and Pavitra ( Simran Pareenja ), in Bhimpur village. Naina goes to college and on every holiday she goes to several villages in search of Pavitra. This time she went to Bhimpur. In Bhimpur She stays at a girl's house called Barki ( Simran Pareenja ), which she helped during a bus accident. Naina doesn't know that the girl in whose house she is staying is pavitra. In bhimpur there is a rite called "Ganga Darpan" in which innocent girls are decked up as brides and are send to the other village, in order to do prostitution. But the villagers are not aware of this. They think that the girls are being send to an Ashram for being Sanyasi's all their lives. This all is a big sex scandal. In all of this the Thakur of the village ( Parag Tyagi ) and the Mahant was involved. However Naina tried to exposed the Thakur and the Mahant in front of the villagers, but nobody listened to her and she was sent back to Mumbai. But Naina didn't gave up and went back to Bhimpur, this time with Chulbuli chachi and Dimpy. There Naina met Krishna ( Karan Sharma ), the son of the Thakur.There was a glimpse of love at first sight. With the help of Krishna and Barki, Naina created a Plan to expose the Thakur. The 45th time Barki was chosen for the "Ganga Darpan" and Naina wanted to stop this and she succeed, but The thakur accused Mahant  and he was sent to jail instead of the both of them. Then all the girls returned to their parents. However the thakur tried to kill Naina and Krishna, but couldn't succeed. One day Mai ( Barki's Mother ) wanted to remove all the proof of pavitra's existence, but could't do it because Barki got to know that she is Pavitra. Naina saves Barki and they got back to the village. Thakur didn't stop his cunning and slimy tricks. He harms Naina and Marries her, cheating Krishna who was about to get married to Naina, in order to rape Naina, because she exposed him. Naina lost her memory. pavitra marries krishna to enter Thakurs mansion in order to save Naina .Thakur kidnaps Dimpy, Chulbuli Chachi and Chutki. When the others got to know that the 3 got kidnapped, they started to haunt and taunt thakur so that he tells that where Chulbuli Chachi, Chutki and Dimpy are.When Thakur was fed up and had enough, he tried to kill Krishna, naina, Pavitra and Mai. But they didn't died. They returned in Thakurs life to make him pay for his sins, but they didn't succeed in their plans. Thakur now tried to create a rift between Naina and Pavitra, but Pavitra Promised that she will make everything right, how it was before. Chulbuli chachi, Dimpy and Chutki managed to escape from the goons den and went to the mansion. Meanwhile, Naina regains her memory. She accuses and abuses Pavitra for marrying Krishna. Now she wants to avenge Pavitra by taking her back to Mumbai, but Thakur didn't want to let go off Naina, because his revenge isn't complete yet. He want to have sex with Naina. He said that Naina and Pavitra only can leave this village if they unmarry Back ( Krishna with pavitra and Naina with Thakur ). But the opposite happens. Pavitra goes in the room of Thakur to save Naina, but then Krishna arrives in the room of the Thakur. After that the thakur beats Krishna up, for stopping him. Meanwhile, the Mahant arrives with the villagers and The Thakurayan to expose thakur in front of the villagers. Thakurayan succeeds in her plans and the Thakur gets arrested.Now Naina is all set to go to Mumbai, but Pavitra is sad. Pavitra gets married to Krishna in full tradition. Krishna is now the thakur of the village and Pavitra, the thakurayan. On their home way to Mumbai.Naina's car meets with an accident, because Purohitji told them that if Pavitra and Naina doesn't live together, they won't remain happy in life, because of their half-swastik tattoo on their arms. Naina regains consciousness, and they both go home. From that day, they swore that they will never ever support and believe in Superstition, and if they ever see an activity of superstition, they will take action. The story ends with Pavitra and Naina doing an aatma- shanti pooja for kaali, promising that they will love and help each other and other people in life.