The series revolves around the lives of Jaypaw, Lionpaw and Hollypaw, kits of Brambleclaw and Squirrelflight and grandchildren of the ThunderClan leader Firestar. The three slowly come to terms with their unique paths in life; Lionpaw worries about his thirst for blood on the battlefield, Hollypaw considers what it means to be truly loyal to her Clan, and Jaypaw is bitter that he was born blind. One day, Jaypaw unintentionally discovers a prophecy that he believes refers to him and his siblings. The three attempt to understand their new destinies, and realize that Lionpaw has the power to never be harmed in battle, whilst Jaypaw can walk in the dreams and read the minds of other cats. Hollypaw, on the other hand, struggles to determine what her unique power is. Hollypaw and Lionpaw are made warriors, becoming Hollyleaf and Lionblaze respectively, whilst Jaypaw becomes a medicine cat and is later given the name Jayfeather. They seek the advice of a mysterious loner named Sol, who promises to give them the answers to their destinies; however, they eventually realize him to be a deceptive liar, and he is banished from the forest. Although uncertain of their powers, the three cats are always secure in the knowledge that they are deeply loved by their parents. This safe haven is shattered when they are forced into a fire by Ashfur, another ThunderClan warrior. Ashfur wishes to murder the three cats in order to punish their mother, Squirrelflight, for rejecting his love years earlier. However, Squirrelflight admits that the three cats are not her offspring, and Ashfur lets them go. The siblings are deeply distressed by this confession, and attempt to discover who their true parents are. They eventually learn that their mother is Leafpool, the ThunderClan medicine cat, and their father is Crowfeather, a WindClan warrior. Hollyleaf is devastated by this, and murders Ashfur in revenge. Unsatisfied, she then publicly announces to the rest of the Clans the true story of her heritage. When the Clans do not praise her for her honesty, but rather react with shock and confusion, Hollyleaf runs away into a series of collapsing tunnels. Presuming her to be dead, and numb with grief for their sister, Lionblaze and Jayfeather realize that Hollyleaf never had a power in the first place. They instead turn their eyes to two kits newly born in the Clan, one of whom could fulfill the third role in the prophecy.