One fabrication involved the 1989 murders of the Harris family of Dryden, New York. In their home, Warren and Dolores Harris, their daughter, Shelby, 15, and their son, Marc, 11, were bound and blindfolded, Shelby was raped and sodomized, all four were shot in the head and the house was doused with gasoline and set on fire. State police investigators say that evidence led them to Michael Kinge, and that officers killed him when he pointed a shotgun at them during the arrest. His mother, Shirley Kinge, admitted to using a credit card stolen from the Harris home, which led investigators to consider her a potential accomplice. New York State Police had also previously obtained a sworn statement from a resident on the same road of the Harris home (approximately four miles west from the Harris home and one mile east of the parking lot where the Harris van had been found following the murders). In the sworn statement, the witness stated that "on December 23, 1989, at approximately 6:50 a.m., he was exiting his driveway when he saw a slow-moving van approaching his driveway from the east."[2] The witness "identified the driver of this van as a light-skinned black male wearing a stocking cap, and further stated that he was accompanied by a female passenger, also light-skinned but darker than the driver, who appeared older than the driver. He indicated that his description of the occupants of the van matched the composite sketches of the suspects which had been publicized by the news media."[2] The witness later withdrew his statement.[2] Officers David L. Harding and Robert M. Lishansky, of Troop C, also claimed that they found a fingerprint on a gasoline can found at the Harris home that was apparently used to burn the bodies of the murder victims. Kinge was convicted of burglary and arson and received a sentence of 17 to 44 years in prison. She served two and a half years before Harding and Lishansky admitted that the fingerprint evidence had been fabricated. Her conviction was later overturned.[3]