The Aphrodite of Knidos is famous for its beauty and was created with the thought of the male viewer in mind. It is meant to be appreciated from every angle, as it is one of the first life-sized representations of the nude, female form. It was especially shocking as it was commissioned as the cult statue for a temple dedicated to the goddess. It depicted the goddess Aphrodite as she prepared for the ritual bath that restored her purity (not to be confused with her virginity), discarding her drapery with one hand, while modestly shielding herself with the other. Her hands are placed in a motion that simultaneously shields her womanhood and draws attention to her upper body's exposure. Because the various copies show different body shapes, poses and accessories, the original can only be described in general terms; the body bending in a contrappostoposition, an artistic innovation of Greek art which realistically portrays normal human stance, with the head probably turned to the left. Lucian said that she "wore a slight smile that just revealed her teeth", although most later copies do not preserve this. While it is popular belief that the female nude has always been a classical subject, the female nude occurred nearly three centuries after her nude male counterpart. The Aphrodite of Knidos established a canon for the female nude, and inspired many copies to follow its lead, the best of which is considered to be the Colonna Knidia, which is in the Vatican's Pio-Clementine Museum. A Roman copy, it is not thought to match the polished beauty of the original, which was destroyed in a disastrous fire at Constantinople in AD 475. According to an account by Pliny the Elder, Praxiteles sculpted both a nude statue and a draped statue of Aphrodite. The city of Kos purchased the draped statue, because they felt the nude version was indecent and reflected poorly on their city, while the city of Knidos purchased the nude statue. Pliny claims that the statue brought fame to Knidos. Coins issued in Knidos depicting the statue seem to confirm this claim.