In the season premiere "No Sanctuary", Sasha and the others escape Terminus and she is happily reunited with Tyreese. In the episode "Strangers", she plays a game of "good out of the bad". After a few rounds they kiss. The group find Gabriel Stokes (Seth Gilliam) who leads them to a church, and later, Sasha volunteers to go on a supply run with Bob in place of her brother. They go to a food bank in which the floor has fallen through but Sasha devises a plan to use the shelves to block them away from the walkers to take them out more easily. When Bob is dragged under the water by a walker, Sasha rushes to help him. Later in the church, Sasha and Bob are sat together during Abraham's speech. After the speech she leaves to go hold Judith, giving Bob a kiss before he leaves the church. In the episode "Four Walls and a Roof", Sasha searches for a missing Bob. She confronts Gabriel about it, believing the disappearances of Bob, Daryl and Carol are connected. However, Gabriel is revealed to have nothing to do with it but breaks down in tears, revealing his own sins. After Bob is dumped outside, Sasha rushes to him, enlisting Tara and others to carry him inside. She is shocked to learn that Gareth had followed them and eaten his leg in front of him, but he refuses medicine and reveals the walker bite on his shoulder. Sasha stays by Bob's side when he is moved into Gabriel's office. She volunteers to go with the others to kill the Terminus survivors. Tyreese tries to persuade her to stay with Bob for when he wakes up but she insists on going. When they ambush the Terminus survivors, Sasha kills one of them (Martin, the one Tyreese claimed that he had killed during the destruction of Terminus) by stabbing him repeatedly. When Bob dies Sasha readies her knife to stop him from reanimating, but Tyreese takes the knife from her, to spare her by doing it himself. Sasha is then seen wearing Bob's green military jacket, making a makeshift gravestone from twigs and rope. Sasha stays at the church to wait for Carol and Daryl, instead of going ahead to Washington with Abraham and his group when they leave. In the episode "Crossed", Sasha is distraught over Bob's death and wears his military jacket in memory of him. The group head to Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta where Carol and Beth are forcibly being held. She accompanies Tyreese, Rick and Daryl, and after much hesitation, accepts Tyreese's consoling to move on and honour him by embracing the good in others. When the group capture two officers as hostages, Bob Lamson (whose name piques Sasha's interest) speaks to Sasha when the others leave about his killed and reanimated partner, gaining her sympathy. She offers to put Lamson's partner to rest only to be knocked out by him as he flees. In the mid-season finale "Coda", Sasha is frustrated with herself over being tricked by Lamson, who has since been killed by Rick after trying to escape and dismisses that she and Tyreese are and can be the same as Bob's death left her naive. Later, Beth is killed during an exchange for the other officers and they leave the hospital.