The post-independence novel has been enriched by the contribution of writers living outside Kerala. The pravasi novel has added a fresh chapter, bringing in new landscapes and new characters. The nagara tinai (city landscape) has provided the milieu for some of the best novels in Malayalam. Kakkanadan, O. V. Vijayan, M. Mukundan, Anand and others have annexed these new areas to the concern of the Malayali fiction readers. Not that all of them have located the action in all their writings outside Kerala, but they have brought a new perspective or sensibility, as the pravasi poets have done of late. Kakkanadan (George Varghese, b.1935), once attached to leftist ideology, turned away from it to write one of the most powerful narratives based on that experience in his novel Ushnamekhala (The Tropics). O. V. Vijayan (1931-2004), having spent a number of years in Delhi, locates his classic novel Khasakkinte Itihasam (The Legend of Khasak) in the remote village in his native Palakkad. It has a simple plot but the inlaid narration invests it with a metaphysical or even mystical aura, which marks it out among the works of fiction attempted by Malayalis during the post-freedom period. It may be said that in novelettes like Khasakkinte Itihasam and Gurusagaram, he was turning away from the grand narrative in the realistic mode in favour of metaphorical or allegorical fiction, which was the forte of narratives in ancient India. To suggest a symbolically large design with a short physical frame, in other words to use a microscope as a magnifying glass, is the kind of technique that Vijayan resorted to. It was perhaps better suited to his world vision. Anand also seems to take a cue from Vijayan, but moves away from it so as to make fiction read less like fiction and more like pseudohistory, without abandoning the allegorical element. His Jaivamanushyan and later works follow this pattern, although his first novel 'Alkkoottam ' (The Crowd) had all the ingredients of normative fiction. After a stint at the existentialist novel a la Sartre and Camus, M. Mukundan is a front runner in the post-modern trend with such works as Mayyazhippuzhayude Theerangalil (On the Banks of Mayyazhi), Daivathinte Vikruthikal (God’s Mischief) and Kesavante Vilapangal (The Lamentations of Kesavan). He had also written a critique of modernism much earlier, called Enthanu Aadhunikata? (What is Modernism?). But he has apparently moved on from that position. N. P. Mohammed (1928-2003) too tried his hand at political allegory in Hiranyakasipu high-lighting the horrors of totalitarianism, but moved on to the social novel as in Ennappaadam (Oilfield) and Maram (Tree), which are very sensitive portrayals of the life of the Muslim community, different in style from that of Vaikom Muhammad Basheer. The novel is perhaps the best-seller in the consumerist book market today, and hence there are a large number of writers catering to that trend.