While the assassinations were planned out, there was no actual mention of assassinations in the original plan; the want for these assassinations became known during the training phase. The plan of PBSUCCESS was to try and remove the Guatemalan government without the use of assassination. The CIA and State Department were torn on whether or not assassinations would be necessary to complete this mission. A memo from the Western Hemisphere division suggested assassinating key Guatemalan military officers if they refused to join the rebellion against Arbenz.[14] Trujillos trained pistoleros would be utilized in order to eliminate the top leaders of Guatemala. By eliminating the leaders it would make it easier for the army to take over. An elaborate plan was created that laid everything leading up until D-Day.[14] PBSUCCESS also included a sixth stage, that being plans to remove opposition after a successful coup also.[14] PBHISTORY was the final phase of the operation that was to obtain documentation left behind by President Arbenz's administration. Frank Wisner wanted to take every opportunity he could to try to expose Soviet connections to the Western hemisphere which included trying to show the communist qualities of the Arbenz rule. The Army and Castillo Arma's junta were able to obtain around 150,000 documents, however very few of these actually showed a connection to the Soviets. Later examination of said documents had no found no proof of possible Soviet Control within Guatemala, only Guatemalan communists had been acting on their own. Agents created a booklet containing the obtained documents which specifically showed photographs of Arbenz's library filled with Marxist texts, Chinese communists materials, and a copy of Stalin's biography. As well as, evidence of an attempt to purchase weapons from Italy along with cables from Arbenz that contained strong communist influences. This booklet was then circulated to the National Security Council (NSC), members of the Senate and other officials whom shown interest. Unfortunately the NSC was unimpressed by the material and required more incriminating evidence on Arbenz.[16]