Meanwhile, Annie and Dixon are going through rough times after their parents' divorce and attempt to keep the family close. Debbie deals with the realities of being a newly single mother. Annie has spent the summer on house arrest (in addition to being on probation and having a suspended license) after confessing to her hit-and-run. Annie and Liam have feelings for each other but think it best to put it away so it doesn't interfere with their relationships with others. Annie finds romance with a college student, Charlie, who turns out to be Liam's half-brother. Charlie and Annie have a lot in common and both are theater kids. Liam has a tumultuous relationship with Charlie due to their rocky past. Teddy and Silver are happy to be together, but in the earthquake Teddy injures his leg, which could possibly end his tennis career. Teddy is also struggling with his sexuality, after realizing that he drunkenly slept with another guy, Ian. After some discouraging behavior from Teddy, Silver breaks up with him. This discouraging behavior was a result of Teddy being so insecure with himself being gay. With all that going on in school, Adrianna is driving back from a summer of touring with the pop star, Javier. The two become a couple until Navid reveals to Adrianna that he has never stopped loving her, and she dumps Javier for Navid. Although he initially resolves to get her back, Javier becomes angered by this. He tells her that her singing career is over, before dying in a car crash, which Adrianna survives. She steals Javier's song book and performs one of his songs at his memorial service, which becomes a hit. She is then blackmailed by Javier's uncle, Victor, who becomes her manager and takes a huge portion of her earnings and forces her to do some things she finds uncomfortable, such as taking half naked photos and forming a snobby famous image that did not exist before. Navid, realizing the blackmail, asks Adrianna not to give in to the threats of Victor. Adrianna decides to take control of her career from Victor after seeing herself on the cover of a magazine. She begins to treat Victor badly and starts alienating Navid and her friends. Navid, however, begins to have family problems when he and Silver discover that his father has been employing underage girls to be in his porn films. Adrianna is oblivious to his problems, causing him and Silver to become closer.