The next night, Jason and Violet attend a party at Sookie's house that Lafayette and Alcide's father throws in order to cheer Sookie up. At one point in the night, Jessica runs up to Jason and begs her to dis-invite her boyfriend James because he found him cheating on her with Lafayette in their car. Jason immediately rescinds the invitation. He consoles a distraught Jessica and lets her know that her girlfriend Violet is not perfect and is rather off. The two share a kiss and end up having sex, which Violet hears from the hallway. Jason returns to Violet's home later that night, where Violet has a romantic evening in store for Jason in order to win his affections back. The next morning, after a steamy night, Jason gets a call from Jessica, who asks that he bring Sookie over to the Compton estate because she has news for Sookie that she must tell in person. Jason sneaks out to see Sookie. Violet, who presumably heard Jason's conversation with Jessica, seethes with anger and plots revenge. At the Stackhouse residence, Jason wakes Sookie up and insists that she go talk to Jessica in person. When they finally meet Jessica at the Compton estate, she breaks the news that Bill is Hep-V positive. Sookie and Jason don't believe it, but Sookie remembers that she had been exposed to Hep-V blood in the bloody aftermath of the shooting that left Alcide dead. Because she had an open wound from letting Bill feed on her, she thinks she may be infected. She get tested and later finds out that she is indeed positive. Jason tries to comfort her. He later returns to Violet's but finds that the basement is ransacked. Violet has left a note stating that the relationship is not working. Jason is relieved. As he cleans his house the next morning, he gets a call from Arlene at Bellefleur's. She says that Hoyt is back in town to visit his dead mother. He goes over to the restaurant and is immediately struck by how beautiful Hoyt's new girlfriend Bridget is. He tries to stop looking at her, but he can't help himself as he is invited to eat breakfast with them. Later, at the police station, Hoyt grieves over his mother's body and Bridget quietly asks Jason (who somewhat knew his mother) to comfort Hoyt in his time of need. Jason says some kinds words and Hoyt embraces him while Bridget also joins the hug. Jason looks uncomfortable.