At the stronghold, Sunny meets Smolder, Burn's brother. He is nice to her and shows her his pet scavenger, aka a human. However, Smolder tells Sunny he has to keep her locked up until Burn gets back, and he puts her in Burn's "weirdling tower", which is filled with all sorts of disturbing dragon parts and creatures. Also being held captive in the tower is ex-Queen Scarlet, who's throne has been overtaken by her daughter, Ruby. The next day, Smolder takes Sunny out of the tower and down to the treasury rooms. He asks her to help him solve the mystery of how three scavengers emptied four rooms filled with treasure, and got away with only two horses at full gallop. Before Sunny can explain her theory, an attack was launched on the Stronghold. Sunny flies up to a tower to see what's happening, and it turns out Thorn came to rescue Sunny after finding out what happened. Sunny can't think of any way to stop the fighting, until she sees someone wriggling out of the sand. It's Peril, who came to rescue Scarlet. Sunny intercepts Peril at the Tower door and explains her situation. Peril agrees to help, so long as Sunny won't interfere with her rescuing Scarlet. Peril stops the fighting and rescues Scarlet. Thorn meets Smolder, who tells him that he has something for her. He takes Thorn and Sunny down to the library, which is in shambles. He starts looking for an old letter labeled "Thorn" when he gets the news that Burn is on her way back. He locks Sunny and Burn in the library with no way out. Sunny uses her fire to burn a careful hold in the door, and Thorn finds the letter for her. It's from Sunny's dad, Stonemover, and says that he's waiting for Thorn at Jade Mountain. Sunny learns about her dad, who is a NightWing, and she and her mother escape. Sunny decides to fly back to her friends and warn them that Scarlet is free. On her way, she stops at Jade Mountain and finds her father. She stays the night, and makes it back to the Rainforest where she is welcomed with open wings.