The grand narrative found its rightful place in Malayalam fiction during the period after independence. Kesava Dev, in Ayalkar (Neighbours), used the large-framed novel to recount the intricate relationships between different castes and communities. The Nairs, Ezhavas and Christians figure dominantly in the complex and involved story of the people who live in any Kerala village as neighbours. These novelists were holding a mirror up to life in all its diversities, without identifying individual heroes and heroines or villains. M. K. Menon (Vilasini, 1928-93) attempted the biggest novel in Malayalam, perhaps also in any Indian language, in Avakasikal (Inheritors), probably motivated by the desire to write the grand narrative centering around a family. His other novels like Inangatha Kannikal (Unfit Chains) and Chundeli (Mouse) were also experimental. Unnikrishnan Puthoor (b. 1933) reveals his control over fictional material with remarkable narrative skill in Balikkallu and Aanappaka. K. L. Mohana Varma (b. 1936), author of novels like Chambal, Ohari (Share) and Cricket, extended the thematic range of fiction, bringing in urban concerns. Another tendency that could be found during this period is the attempt to retell puranic episodes. P. K. Balakrishnan set the trend with his popular redaction of the Mahabharata from the point of view of Droupadi: she is reflecting on the circuitous course of her life during the last night of the battle of Kurukshetra (Ini Njan Urangatte). M. T. Vasudevan Nair's Randamoozham (The Second Turn) recounts the story of Bhimasena, supposed to be the son of Vayu; this is demystified or demythified in the novel. Other writers have also tried to retell other classics in the form of the novel, since the novel has become the most popular form of the narrative in Malayalam. Some of the novels of Kovilan (V. V. Ayyappan, b. 1923) are region-based like his masterpiece Thattakam, but some others are located away from Kerala, in the Himalayas as in his military tales. His works have a remarkable philosophical insight and are written in an answerable style, unique to himself. K. E. Mathai (Parappurath, 1924-81), who also served in the army, is well known for his popular novels such as Panitheeratha Veedu (Unfinished House) Aranazhika Neram (Half an Hour). His friend K. Surendran (1922-97) authored several popular novels like Thaalam (Rhythm), Maya and Kattukurangu (Wild Monkey).