In the season premiere, "The Day Will Come When You Won't Be", Michonne witnesses the deaths of group members Abraham and Glenn. She is later held at gunpoint, along with the rest of the group, as Negan commands Rick to chop off Carl's left arm to remove the last of Rick's disobedience. Michonne tells Negan that they now understand, but Negan tells her that its Rick who doesn't understand. Thankfully, Negan stops Rick as it was all a test to break his will, which is successful. Sasha then helps get Maggie to the doctor at the Hilltop after Negan and his people leave. Michonne goes with Rick and the others in the RV.[67] In Service, Michonne is shown walking outside Alexandria with a rifle she concealed in the house before the Saviors arrive. She is shown practicing her marksmanship by shooting at a walker with the rifle to prepare for the fight she feels is coming. When she returns, Rick states he needs the rifle as the Saviors want all their guns. Michonne doesn't want want her community surrender their guns, but eventually hands it over. Rick later tells her about his old partner and friend being Judith's real father, and that he had to accept it in order to raise her and keep her alive as his own daughter. Stating that this is their life now and he had to accept it as she does. Michonne later reappears in Sing Me a Song, where she is shown walking along whistling to lure walkers. She then kills them and drags their bodies over to a pile. This causes a female Savior to stop driving and observe the pile, allowing Michonne to take her hostage and demand that she take her to Negan. The following episode, "Hearts Still Beating", shows Michonne attempting to talk to the Savior, who remains silent. They arrive outside the Sanctuary and Michonne realizes the power and scope of the Saviors. She later returns to find the Saviors killed Spencer and Olivia and took Eugene hostage. She finds Rick in the jail cell Morgan built and attempts to convince him that they're fighters and that, despite Negan's power, they can find a way to win. Rick agrees, having seen the costs of subjugation and the two reunite with Maggie and Daryl at the Hilltop (along with Carl, Rosita, and Tara) as the group walks off to plan their next move. In "Rock in the Road", Michonne is part of the group that sets out with Rick and Jesus to the Kingdom to enlist their help. When this fails, they come across wired explosives, placed by the Saviors, to deter walker herds. Michonne aids Rick in stealing them and tells him that they can win, just to put a smile on his face. The episode ends with the group being captured by an unknown group of survivors which results in Rick smiling at the discovery of a potential ally. In "New Best Friends", Michonne is part of the group that meets with the this new group. When Rick is tested by being pitted against an armored walker, Michonne helps advise him on how to kill it. He later thanks her by gifting her a metal cat sculpture he found. In "Say Yes", Michonne goes out scavenging with Rick to find the guns they need. They enjoy their time together and are eventually able to discover a carnival wrought with reanimated soldiers. They stumble upon a large amount of packaged food and discuss their future after the Saviors have been dealt with. The next day, their plans go awry and they are quickly swarmed by walkers. At one point, Rick is seemingly killed and Michonne goes into a catatonic state, nearly allowing herself to be killed before Rick is revealed to be okay and they manage to win. Michonne later confides to Rick that she can't bear the thought of losing him, but agrees that she'll take charge if he dies in the upcoming fight. In the season finale "The First Day of the Rest of Your Life", Rick and his group are betrayed by Jadis and the Scavengers, and it is revealed that Sasha has died. Michonne participates in the ensuing battle, but she is badly hurt and nearly dies. She is later seen resting in bed, with Rick by her side.