Gemma is now very independent from Clay as she is seen having sex with Nero Padilla in the very first scene, but it was later revealed that she had been consuming a great deal of alcohol and drugs, did not recall a thing from the previous night, tried to shoot Nero upon waking and had even given him a fake name. Later they officially introduce each other and she gives him her phone number. Once she arrives at her home she catches Clay digging through her belongings, claiming to be looking for a ring, then he asks for a moment of Gemma's time and after hearing him out, he tries to touch her and she drops him to the floor warning that he will never lay a hand on her again. She later organizes for SAMCRO to stay at Nero's day spa while they hide from the law in order to stop them from being alone and unprotected in prison, much against Tara's wishes, despite both Gemma and Jax explaining that if they were to go to prison they would most likely be attacked, if not killed. Clay, who still has feeling for her, comes over to pay Nero a visit; when Gemma arrives and sees Clay with an escort, she fights her. As a result, the police raid the brothel and gets everyone arrested. During the time Gemma is separated from Clay, she goes out and gets drunk and does drugs, one time, when Jax and Tara decide to go to the cabin to be alone, Jax insists that Gemma keep the boys, she agrees to do so, when she is driving, she drives under the influence of Marijuana and her vehicle goes off the road, injuring Abel in the process. When Jax and Tara hear the news, Tara believes that Gemma was driving stoned, but Clay lies saying that she was attacked instead; when Jax gets to the truth, he now knows that Gemma was driving stoned, as a result, they cut her out of their lives for good, however, Jax gives her a chance to get back into their lives by making her get back with Clay so he could get him to confess about a series of home invasions that he could possibly be behind to set up SAMCRO; Gemma is hesitant to go along with the idea but agrees to it, it also means shutting out Nero as well. Gemma's efforts to get Clay to confess seem worthwhile, after Clay confesses to SAMCRO that he was indeed behind the break ins, he is banished from SAMCRO once and for all, IRA boss, Galen O'Shay offers Clay to go to Belfast to oversee business deals for the true IRA, but on the condition that Gemma goes. Gemma slightly agrees to go along. As they are ready to leave, the police show up and arrest Clay for murdering Damon Pope, Gemma lies saying he went somewhere.