During September, Kevin learns that his sister Debbie has bought a villa in Turkey and plans to take Jack there. However, he learns that to change Jack's birth certificate, he'll have to apply for parental responsibility. Ken, who has experience of adoption, warns him that he should discuss it with Tyrone. Tyrone angrily tells Kevin to do whatever he wants. Next day, Bill and Pam visit Kevin and tell him that they are engaged but Pam is appalled to learn that Kevin is still living with Sally and plans to change Jack's surname. This prompts Sally, to ask Kevin to leave and he reluctantly agrees. Kevin and Pam argue and she bans him from the wedding whilst he bans her from seeing Jack. Bill collapses, suffering a heart attack, and is taken to hospital, but the arguing continues until Sally stops them. Sally ends the relationship next day after she hears Kevin telling Sophie that they are back together. Wanting to prove Kevin wrong, she resumes her relationship with Jeff, much to Rosie and Sophie's disgust. Over the coming weeks, Kevin accepts Sally has moved on and decides to stop trying to win her back and in October, they are back on good terms as proved when Sophie announces she and Sian are engaged. Kevin refuses to give his permission for their marriage and Sally agrees, but next day, Kevin and Rosie's boyfriend Jason Grimshaw (Ryan Thomas) are concerned when Rosie goes missing again after viewing a flat and learn that it is next to The Kabin. They kick the door down and find Rosie tied up, John having kidnapped her again because he is coaching her to be a witness for Fiz at her trial. John escapes but Kevin goes after him, leaving Jason to look after Rosie. As he tells a horrified Sally, John races past them in his car and Kevin chases him, resulting in a car chase that ends when John crashes his car into a truck trailer. Next day, as Rosie gives her statement, she thanks her dad for rescuing her and Kevin is the hero of the Webster family. When John dies, Kevin has to stop Sally going to see Fiz being sentenced, because she belittles Fiz's friends and family for supporting a murderer. He defends her in The Rovers when Julie Carp (Katy Cavanagh) attacks Sally for her comments. Later in the week, Sophie celebrates her 17th birthday. However, this is overshadowed when Kevin reads an article in the Gazette about Rosie's second kidnapping, as well as insensitive comments about Sally's cancer, Kevin's affair, baby Jack and about Sophie's sexuality. Kevin and Sally are furious with Rosie, and they throw Jeff out when they learn he convinced Rosie to write the article. Sophie's birthday is celebrated by Kevin with a firework display. In personal terms, Kev and Sal are on good terms again.