Desiree Dupree (portrayed by Angela Bassett) also known as The Three Breasted Woman is a woman born with an oversized clitoris, mistaken by herself and her family for a male until puberty reveals the growth of not only two, but a third breast. She is married to Dell and struggles for work after other traveling shows closed down. Before arriving at Elsa's freak show, she had sex with a man and Dell killed him out of jealousy. In "Pink Cupcakes", it is revealed that she is 100% female and that her supposed penis is nothing more than an enlarged clitoris caused by a hormone imbalance. It is also revealed that she suffered a miscarriage. Realizing that she has a chance to be truly happy, Desiree moves in with Ethel and plans on divorcing Dell and starting over. She becomes good friends with Maggie and several other women from the troupe. Despite despising Dell, she saves him from his suicide attempt and comforts him. When Maggie confesses the truth about her and Stanley working together, stopping just as she is about to reveal their intent to murder the freaks, Desiree becomes suspicious and warns her that if she finds out that Maggie and Stanley are responsible for the deaths of the other freaks, Desiree would surely kill her. After Maggie later confesses her and Stanley's true intentions, Desiree sees her remorse and attempts to help her save the remaining freaks from Stanley. In "Show Stoppers", she murders the curator of the Museum of Morbid Curiosities, Lillian Hemmings, and later wraps her head in a gift box and gives it to Stanley, before the other freaks mutilate him. She then leads the charge against Elsa when the other freaks realize that she murdered Ethel. She survives Dandy's murderous rampage by hiding in her caravan; she then teams up with Jimmy and Bette and Dot in order to exact her revenge, which involves drugging him, chaining him inside a water tank, and watching him drown. In 1960, it is revealed that she has married a former lover of hers and is the mother of two children. For her performance, Bassett was nominated for the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Actress in a Television Movie, Mini-Series or Dramatic Special and the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie.