On their way back to their house, Whiteboy tells his alliance that his new Stallionare Alliance contains, himself, Real, Hoopz, and Megan. The Secret Alliance scolds Megan for not going after the Stallionares, and they tell her that they are going to get rid of Whiteboy. Megan says she needs to think of a plan to save Whiteboy, because they promised each other they would save each other. 12 Pack talks to Toastee, giving her his word that he will protect her. Meanwhile, Megan puts her new plan into action and tells Whiteboy, Real, and Hoopz that Pumkin controls Toastee; whatever Pumkin's decision is Toastee's decision. She tells them to talk to Pumkin and tell her that they will let her and Toastee be in their Stallionare Alliance if Toastee does not send home Whiteboy. Real goes and apologizes to Pumkin for the threats he made towards her, Pumkin and Toastee now go talk to Whiteboy, Hoopz, and Real. Whiteboy and Pumkin make the deal, and now they are back in the Stallionare Alliance. 12 Pack and Megan are talking, and 12 Pack tells Megan to vote him into the strongbox, because he wants to go on the powerouting with Whiteboy to make sure he does not save himself. The next day, Craig tells the contestants that everyone but the Paymaster must go into the vault to decide who's checks will be voted into the strongbox. There were no votes for Brandi C., Megan, or Pumkin, only one vote each for Heather and Hoopz, and two votes for Real. 12 Pack and The Entertainer each had six votes so their checks were put into the strongbox. Afterwards, Brandi C. tries to convince Megan that Toastee needs to get rid of Whiteboy. Megan's stubborn and says she wants 12 Pack to go home. The four of them go on the power outing, only to have a medicine woman spit on them for a "soul cleansing". Meanwhile, Megan is still trying to convince Brandi C. and Pumkin to keep Whiteboy in the game, much to their displeasure, to which Brandi states, "This is 'I Love Money' not 'I Love Whiteboy'." Megan tells them if Toastee gets rid of 12 Pack, Heather and Entertainer would still target Whiteboy while Hoopz, Real and Whiteboy would target the Entertainer, more importantly, meaning nobody would target their Secret Alliance. Pumkin and Brandi C. decide that does makes sense and decide to target 12 Pack. At lunch, Whiteboy, Entertainer and 12 Pack get in a fight shortly after they arrive, completely disagreeing with each other's quips. 12 Packs gets the one-on-one with Toastee and he tells her if she takes out Whiteboy, he'll save her from the Stallionaires next time around. At elimination, Toastee gives the first check to The Entertainer, stating he's annoying and out of the three of them, he's not a threat. Toastee calls up 12 Pack and she tells him he always says got everybody's back and she feels like he cannot back up his words and she cannot trust him. A shocked, and previously confident, 12 Pack gets his check voided and said if he could change anything, he would have taken out Toastee earlier in the challenge. Craig gives everybody a reality check saying if you're in the box, you are not safe.