The Back to the Future trilogy is parodied and referenced throughout the episode, along with many other movies and famous people throughout the 1980s. Other cultural references include how after going back in time, Peter becomes excited about his new prospects in life, and states to Cleveland that he is going to "raise more hell than Hellraiser" from the 1987 horror film Hellraiser. It also depicts Pinhead as weak and ridiculous, stating that the worst he can do is unscrew a salt shaker and trick someone into using it, causing salt to come out all over their food.[6] The first scene where Lois appears at the swimming pool is a reference to a scene from the 1980 film Caddyshack, featuring the song "Mr. Night" by Kenny Loggins. Once Lois appears, she asks Peter if he would like to see the 1982 film Zapped!.[6] Rejecting her offer, Peter decides to go partying with Cleveland instead and play the video game Menstrual Ms. Pac-Man, in addition to making out with actress Molly Ringwald.[6][7] While there, Brian gets into a fight, and instructs the bar patron to meet him on top of the World Trade Center to fight him at eight A.M. on September 11, 2001.[8] While downstairs in the alternate universe, Peter makes a reference to the Twilight Zone episode, "The Eye of the Beholder." The joke about the World Trade Center has been edited from current versions of the show accessible on Netflix as of January 2012. Returning to the present, Peter and Brian decide to watch television, and are shocked to discover that actor Chevy Chase is now the host of The Tonight Show.[8] They also discover that former Vice President Al Gore is now President of the United States,[7] and flying cars running on vegetable oil exist.[6] A parody of the 1962 ABC animated series, Hanna-Barbera's The Jetsons, is then shown.[6] In the alternate reality, Death refers to the Dick Cheney hunting accident, explaining that the "Chairman of Halliburton" accidentally shot and killed Karl Rove, Antonin Scalia, and Tucker Carlson (Brian groans that Peter and he can't change this wonderful future, but Peter flatly says "I don't know who any of those people are"). The main plot of the episode, complete with the scene in which Peter and Brian are in the living room, with Brian explaining to Peter what happened using a chalk board, is a reference to the alternate universe scene in Back to the Future Part II.