In India a Diploma in Engineering is a 3 year  Course awarded in Engineering Studies with specific branch of Engineering . Studies of Diploma in Engineering is usually held in Polytechnic institutes recognized by respective State Boards of Technical Education/Examination (e.g. Uttar Pradesh Board of Technical Education) and/or State Departments/Directorates of Technical Educations and All India Council for Technical Education.[1] Diploma Holders can sit for the exam of Associate Member of the Institution of Engineers (A.M.I.E) membership, Member of Indian Institution of Industrial Engineering, Navi Mumbai which is equivalent to the Associate engineering bachelor's degree. Diploma holders can enroll for advanced diploma programmes in concentrated job sectors within their area of study. Diploma holders are also eligible for lateral entry to the third semester Engineering Courses in various Technical Universities like UPTU, VTU, etc., i.e. direct entry to second year. Diploma holders are eligible for part-time entry to Bachelor of Engineering Courses in various Technical Universities like Sri Sai Group of Institutes,  Manipal Institute of Technology, Jaipur National University, Sunrise University, Jamia Millia Islamia and Delhi Technological University, NTTF Technical training center, Uttarakhand board of technical education (Dehradun)...etc. In Tamil Nadu the government is revolutionizing its technical education by upgrading its diploma courses with newer schemes (L Scheme and forward) to make it equivalent with UK's HND programs that enables students for direct entry into the fifth semester of a Bachelor of Technology program. Those who have a twelfth grade (Higher Secondary School Certificate) in Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics (PCM) combination, require only to complete two years excluding first year physics, chemistry, mathematics inter science level subjects. Diploma holders can enroll for advanced diploma programmes in concentrated job sectors within their area of study.In India a Diploma in Engineering is a specific academic award usually awarded in technical  courses e.g.  Chemical Engineering , Mechanical Engineering,Civil Engineering , Electrical Engineering , etc.