The theology of these rites has been considerably modified in the last 200 years, with the reintroduction of oblationary language as pertaining to an objective, material sacrifice offered to God in union with Christ. The Prayer Books of 1552, 1559, 1604 and 1662 placed sacrificial language in a post-communion prayer in order to detach it from the context of the eucharistic prayer. A prime example of these modifications can be found in the American Book of Common Prayer introduced by the first American Episcopal Bishop Samuel Seabury and adopted by the General Convention of the Protestant Episcopal Church in 1789. He insisted on the adoption of a full eucharistic prayer of the non-Juror Scottish Episcopal Church Rite to replace the truncated version of the earlier English rites beginning in 1552. The adopted prayer included the words, "with these thy holy gifts, which we now offer unto thee," which were inserted after the words from the 1549 Rite "...we, thy humble servants, do celebrate and make before thy Divine Majesty, and before the words "the memorial thy Son hath commanded us to make..." BCP (cf. these changes in the article on Samuel Seabury). The epiclesis was also restored. The insertion of these ten words in effect undid Cranmer's theology that the sacrifice of praise and thanksgiving was restricted to words and sentiments in prayer. His motive for rejecting the eucharist as a material offering to God is not clearly understood since he well knew as a good liturgist that what he rejected was accepted teaching from the early 3rd century that the eucharist was the Church's sacrifice, and the gift of God offered back to him. These changes brought the eucharistic theology of the American close to the Roman and Orthodox teaching that the eucharist is an objective sacrifice. The celebrants of the Rite, the entire congregation, clergy and laity, henceforth, not only receive the gifts of God in communion, they offer them to God in praise and thanksgiving in union with Christ, Offering and Offered. It would take another 150 years plus before this teaching would prevail in the Church of England even though it was applied to a Rite, the BCP of 1662, whose doctrine was at odds with it thereby creating a cognitive dissonance (Anglican Missal produced the same affect by taking the Scottish Canon or a variation of it and larding it with elements from the Tridentine Rite).