In American Wedding, Stifler is the main protagonist. He is revealed to have become a high school football assistant coach; he also drives the team's bus. He drops in on Jim and Michelle's engagement party, much to their dismay. He is also implicated in an unusual Jim-plus-two-dogs foursome. He competes with Finch for the heart of Cadence, Michelle's younger sister. He impersonates Finch's personality in order to win Cadence over, but Finch continues the triangle by replicating Stifler's outrageous frat boy image, which Cadence surprisingly enjoys just as much, if not more. Nevertheless, Stifler manages to bond with Cadence's family, and is eventually charged with holding Michelle's wedding ring. However, the family dog manages to ingest the ring while in Stifler's care, and Stifler follows it until it defecates. Stifler picks up the ring which is encapsulated within the feces using a confection paper, which Cadence's mother sees and assumes it to be one of the truffles. She insists that Stifler let her have it, but knowing he could blow his chances with Cadence for good, he suddenly devours the dog dropping into his own mouth. Before the wedding, Stifler accidentally destroys the massive flower arrangement Michelle's family had ordered, resulting in everyone turning against him. Jim tells him to leave, and seeing how no one is on his side, Stifler complies. However, Stifler redeems himself at the end of the film: using the football team as his minions, Stifler uses his own money to buy up the entire content of a nearby flower shop and has the football team successfully set up the flowers for the wedding hours before it is to occur. By doing this, Cadence eventually falls for him and invites him to have sex in the closet. Stifler accidentally has sex with Jim's grandmother, who was put there by John and Justin because she was "being a bitch". When Finch and Kevin went to collect her from the closet, they catch Stifler having sex with Jim's grandmother. Horrified by this, Stifler asks them to close the door and screams out. At the wedding, Finch taunts Stifler by whispering "grandmother fucker." Stifler retorts with "Well, you're a mother fucker" to Finch agrees "Yes. yes I am." At the reception, Stifler dances with Cadence and congratulates his friend, Jim.