When Lee is sacked from his job in the army for punching his former boss, his depression worsens, leading to Mick and Babe finding out. Mick takes him to the doctors' surgery, where he is formally diagnosed with clinical depression and prescribed medication, which he refuses to take, but he changes his mind after conversations with Linda and Babe. At Stacey's Halloween party, Lee attempts to fix her plug socket, but does it incorrectly, leading to a heavily pregnant Stacey being electrocuted and her boyfriend, Martin Fowler (James Bye) punching Lee. This sends Lee on a downward spiral, but he feels better when he is informed that Stacey and the baby are fine. Meanwhile, Dean begins a relationship with Roxy Mitchell (Rita Simons), angering her sister Ronnie Mitchell (Samantha Womack) and she does everything in her power to split them up. Firstly, she attempts to persuade Mick to help her murder Dean, but after Mick decides against helping Ronnie in her plans, she tries to poison Dean. Shirley and Buster arrive just in time, however are furious to learn that Mick knew what Ronnie was planning, resulting in Buster punching Mick. Shirley, Buster and Jade spend Christmas dinner with the Carters, infuriating Dean, which results in his throwing a jug at Roxy, which cuts her face. Roxy attempts to leave Dean, but he is extremely apologetic and she forgives him. The next day, after Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) points out that Roxy's feisty personality has gone since she began dating Dean, she tries to leave him and end their relationship. Dean attempts to rape Roxy, but is stopped when Shirley enters, hearing Roxy's cries. Roxy flees, while Shirley finally sees Dean as a rapist. Roxy then bumps into Linda and Elaine, who encourage her to report the matter to the police, which she does. While Dean is having a bath, Shirley attempts to drown him, but she is unsuccessful and Dean strikes her as Linda enters. During an argument over Roxy, Dean admits that he raped Linda in Shirley's presence, and then goes into hiding from the police.