Bubbles (voiced by Jennifer Freid in Whoopass Stew pilot, Kath Soucie in the What a Cartoon! episodes, and by Tara Strong in the series) is "the cute one". Her personality is "sugar", her signature color is Light Blue, and she has blond hair worn in pigtails. She was named for her cute and bubbly personality, as revealed when she giggled after the Professor named Blossom. Her best friend is a stuffed octopus doll she calls "Octi". She exhibits the ability to both understand and speak foreign languages (Japanese, Spanish), as she can read and understand Japanese manga and understand people who speak Spanish. Bubbles can also communicate with various animals (cats, squirrels and even monsters). However, the episodes "Super Zeroes" and "Nuthin' Special" illustrate that in the above respective languages she uses a word for word translation rather than the thought-for-thought method of people more fluent in foreign languages. She also shows the ability to emit a sonic scream (in the episode "Stuck Up, Up and Away"). Bubbles can also spit fire as seen in the episode "Simian Says". She will always stand up for (and cuddle with) animals except cockroaches, which she (along with her sisters) finds "icky". Bubbles is defined by her innocence, playfulness and gentle demeanor, having a tendency to be naive, ditzy, submissive, timid and sensitive. These traits initially caused those around her, especially Blossom and Buttercup, to underestimate her abilities as a superhero; her naivety has been used against her at least twice by Him. But in the episode "Bubblevicious", she proves her mettle to her sisters when she single-handedly defeats Mojo Jojo. At times she can be dim-witted and a bit of a loud-mouth. In "The Boys are Back in Town" she expressed a slight crush on Boomer. Craig McCracken stated in a World Priemere Toons interview that she is the "little more air-headed one". Also, in the episode "Octi Evil", she says she hates to see her sisters fight. When flying she leaves a loopy, swirly blue trail.