Bobby is released along with the rest of SAMCRO at the start of the season, and is seen attending Opie's wedding. Chibs, Bobby, Happy, and Juice sneak away from the meeting for a viewing of Russian hardware, eventually double-crossing and murdering the Russians, as well as an undercover FBI agent. Bobby is vehemently opposed to the deal Clay and Jax have set up with the Gallindo cartel, believing that it will deal irrevocable damage to the club. Clay attempts to persuade Bobby that the deal is in the club's best interest - even offering him the presidency of the charter once Clay steps down - but Bobby still votes against it. After the vote still comes down in favor of the deal, he stalks angrily out of the clubhouse. When the club travels to Tucson and visit the Arizona cartel, SAMTAZ, the club gets knowledge that SAMTAZ is dealing methamphetamine which, disturbs the club, mainly Bobby who claims that "dealing and muling" are the same thing, and did not help in packing the cocaine from Romero. Following this, Otto is told by Linc Potter that Luann had sex with Bobby and suggested he may also be her murderer, Otto then asked Gemma to ask the club to exact vengeance. The club puts this at a meeting and it is also mentioned the police had knowledge of who was with Luann, was registered, which disturbs Bobby. The club manages to track down Georgie Caruso who is believed to be her murderer, and Bobby is visibly angry and eager to kill him as fast as possible during this time, however the club decides to spare Caruso, when his billionaire contacts are a chance to bring down Hale's Charming Heights. He goes to visit Otto at the prison and apologizes, claiming there was no love between the two of them. He ultimately lies to Otto that they took care of his vengeance, when he had been instructed to tell the truth. At the end of episode "Fruit of the Crows" Bobby tells Clay there should be a vote for a new President as his leadership is endangering SAMCRO. He is later, at the end of the season, given up by Otto to the Feds for their RICO case as history of crime.