Cross My Heart is the twenty-first novel in the series. For most of the novel, Alex is trying to solve a double killer case in which the murderers kill prostitutes. Soon Alex and Bree learn that there is only one murderer, who has multiple personalities and arrest him. Additionally, Bree is searching for Ava, when Alex realizes that she may have killed a girl, and faked her own death. Halfway through the novel, Damon is offered a ride home by a strange woman - throughout the novel it's revealed that the Cross family were being watched - and the woman drugs Damon afterwards. Meanwhile, her accomplice kidnaps the rest of the family including Bree, Ali, Nana Mama, and Alex's daughter. They alert Cross he can do nothing to try to save his family. Meanwhile, Ava reappears along with Sampson, assuring him to continue life normally while they handle the kidnappings. The novel was released in November 2013.[1][2][3] A subsequent novel titled Hope to Die was released in November 2014 and continued the events in Cross My Heart. It was followed by a 23rd novel named Cross Justice, released in November 2015, in which the Cross family travels down to help one of Alex's cousins who is wrongly accused of murder. At the end of Cross Justice, Alex finds his long lost father Jason, who was presumed dead for over three decades but in reality had been a police sergeant in Florida. A 24th novel, Cross the Line, was released in 2016, in which Alex and Bree look for a killer who is murdering criminals and another killer who has murdered one of their former police chiefs. In Cross Kill, Alex and his partner, Detective John Sampson, are ambushed by an Gary Soneji imposter and Alex goes on a desperate mission to uncover the truth about the mysterious attacker while having no idea that it would have terrible consequences. In Detective Cross, Alex is awaiting trial for the killing of two of the Sonjei followers and has to help his wife, Chief of detectives Bree Stone, in stopping a mysterious bomber from setting off deadly bombs before it is too late. In The People vs. Alex Cross, Alex is on trial for murder and he, also, has to assist his former partner, Detective John Sampson, in finding missing blonde women and prevent them from being brutally murdered on the internet while trying to prove his innocence with a determined prosecution hoping to put him behind bars.