Sarah goes with Art to a woman's shelter where one has apparently killed herself. Another cop there asks Art about Duko and is revealed to also be working for Evie. Sarah sees Trina who was friends with the BrightBorn mothers. Posing as Beth, Trina tells her Kendra and her baby Jacob are probably in Tisdale. Tracking them down, Kendra says her baby was born blind, so they probably will both be killed like the deformed newborns at BrightBorn; of which Kendra has video proof. Sarah refuses to blackmail Kendra into going with them like Rachel wants so Rachel calls Kendra and has Ira take her. Art and Sarah are interrupted by Roxie the paramedic and another man; likely the ones who killed the surrogate at the woman's shelter. Art arrests them. They later confront Ira for betraying them but are amazed when Rachel is able to discredit Evie and BrightBorn to the media. Sarah is thrilled when Cosima announces she found a cure but alarmed when communication is suddenly cut off. Krystal contacts Felix about Delphine, forcing him to reveal Sarah as a clone but Krystal denies they look alike. Posing and Krystal she and Siobhan capture Dr. Van Leir who says his orders to save Delphine weren't from Evie; Neolution follows the best science to advance evolution and Rachel is setting up a grab for power. Convincing Ira to get her a helicopter, she goes to the island alone, convincing Siobhan to stay with Kira. Kira can sense many clones they haven't even met yet, and Sarah promises to find a cure for all of them. She finds a bleeding Susan sewing herself up with Rachel having taken the gene line. Rachel sneaks up and brutally beats her with her cane, saying Sarah is nothing but a cockroach that didn't know anything until she saw Beth; while Rachel was raised for this. Though Susan tries to help Sarah, Rachel stabs Sarah in the leg. Susan's distraction allows Sarah to limp away. Dragging herself to the beach she calls Siobhan for help, only to hear Ferdinand has captured Siobhan and Kira.