Darlene Cake is a bad tempered Yardie gang member, sent to Larkhall after being convicted of grievous bodily harm. If anyone "disses" her, she immediately accuses them of racism, even though Sylvia Hollamby (Helen Fraser) is the only person who makes racist remarks towards her. Darlene is feeling ill when her cellmate, Al McKenzie (Pauline Campbell) is murdered after being poisoned. There is further trouble for Darlene when Tanya Turner (Zöe Lucker) arrives at Larkhall and reveals that she has relations with a man named Rick Revoir (Geoff Francis). Darlene stole from Rick and he discovers that he has her younger brother, Terence, held hostage. With the help of Tanya and Frances Myers (Eva Pope), she manages to get Rick arrested and Terence freed. Bev Tull (Amanda Barrie) and Phyl Oswyn (Stephanie Beacham) manipulate Darlene into thinking that it was Natalie Buxton (Dannielle Brent) who poisoned Al, when it was actually Bev and Phyl who poisoned her accidentally with rhubarb leaves. Natalie and Darlene share a huge catfight in the middle of G-Wing over Al's death, but Natalie wins the fight. She later becomes Natalie's right arm woman, along with Janine Nebeski (Nicola Stapleton). When Natalie has her hair cut with the Julies, Darlene makes a horrible comment about Julie Saunders' (Victoria Alcock) breast cancer. This leads to the Julies taking revenge by bleaching Darlene's hair, leading it to fall out. Darlene and Janine later turn against Natalie after discovering that she is a nonce. Darlene and Janine remain good friends, and begin to write a novel together. Eventually, they plot to murder evil Wing Governor Jim Fenner (Jack Ellis), writing their plans down in their novel. Darlene shoots Fenner with a poison thorne while he is sleeping, and when he is murdered, Janine believes that it was she and Darlene who killed him. Although, it was actually Julie Johnston (Kika Mirylees) who murdered Fenner. The police get hold of the novel after Sheena Williams (Laura Rogers) hands it in. They are both questioned, but it is Di Barker (Tracey Wilkinson) who is charged with Fenner's murder. In Series 8, Darlene notices chemistry between Janine and new prison officer Donny Kimber (Sid Owen). So, when she discovers that Janine is writing love letters to Donny, she hides them so that Janine cannot find them. When this is uncovered, Janine slaps Darlene in the middle of G-Wing, which leads to a minor fight. They are both subsequently taken down the block. She is last seen attempting suicide by setting fire to herself after taking Janine hostage and murdering Catherine Earlham's (Jan Francis) husband.