Deucalion's Alpha Pack arrived in Beacon Hills in the Season 2 finale, capturing Boyd and Erica in the process. In "Unleashed", Deucalion goes to Derek's loft along with Kali and Ennis to offer Derek a proposition for Derek to kill his own Pack to join his own with the intention of recruiting him. Deucalion's actual plan for Derek was to place him against Scott. To this end, after the battle between the Packs in "Frayed", Deucalion kills Ennis after he fails to heal himself, absorbing Ennis' power; he lies to Kali and the twins that Ennis died of his wounds, intending to have a vengeful, distraught Kali force Derek's decision to join the Alpha Pack. In "Currents", the reason for this is because Deucalion knows that Scott has the potential to become a True Alpha and wants to recruit Scott, not Derek. Deucalion's true intentions throughout Season 3 were to push Scott into a position to either join the Alpha Pack or have Scott kill somebody, destroying his True Alpha potential and eliminating Scott as a potential threat to him. He had Ethan and Aiden enroll in high school to seduce people close to Scott for leverage. When the new killer committing human sacrifices is revealed to be a Darach, Deucalion had his pack hunt it down. He targets the Darach because it used to be a druid who can call upon powers from sacrifices. After finding out that the Darach is Jennifer, Kali's old emissary, the Alpha Pack leader tried to have her killed. Scott later tearfully joins Deucalion's pack in "The Overlooked" in return for Deucalion's offer to help look for his kidnapped mother. In "Alpha Pact", he tries to have Marin killed when he suspects her to have had a role with the human sacrifices and she confirms to have had been working against him to "maintain balance", but Scott ultimately saves her. In "Lunar Ellipse", Deucalion and Scott face off against Jennifer and Derek (who Jennifer forced into helping him). Deucalion shifts into his Demon Wolf persona and overpowers both of them easily. He then tries to force Scott into killing Jennifer to become an Alpha, but Scott blinds him using flash bolts as he can see as a wolf. During the lunar eclipse, Deucalion temporarily loses his powers and Jennifer is to be able to defeat him. After being beaten to a pulp, Jennifer is tricked by Derek into healing Deucalion's normal eyesight to allow him to see her face and the result of his crimes on her but Jennifer is weakened because of this. After the lunar eclipse passes, Deucalion is in awe as Scott awakens his True Alpha abilities, breaking through Jennifer's mountain ash barrier. Deucalion saves Scott from becoming a killer by mortally wounding Jennifer, slashing her throat, subsequently stopping her from sacrificing the kidnapped parents. Because of this, Derek and Scott decide to let Deucalion go, hoping he can be the man he once was before. They warn him, if he commits something they don't like, he'll never see them coming.