Dwayne Wong (Omowale) writing in HuffPost saw the film and its comic origins as "address[ing] serious political issues concerning Africa's relationship to the West that is very rarely given the serious attention that it deserves". Wakandans are "at times portrayed as being very suspicious towards outsiders, to the point of almost being xenophobic" and "no outsider can truly be trusted" with its security. He concludes that while the country is fictional, "the politics ... are very real. The end of colonialism did not end Western tampering in Africa's politics. We see this issue still going on in Africa today ... The Black Panther movie offers an opportunity to explore this issue of neo-colonialism and its continued impact on Africa's development".[258] Carlos Rosario Gonzalez of Bam! Smack! Pow!, noting the struggle between T'Challa and Killmonger, saw "two very distinct philosophies collide... what it means to be African and conversely, what Africa means to Afro-minorities today", and described the film as exploring these themes "through the lens of colonialism". In this view, Wakanda represents Africa without Western colonialism, and Killmonger shows us that "we can sometimes inevitably become what we seek to destroy ... With Wakanda's resources in his fingertips, Killmonger want[s] to become the new colonizer; a colonizer of the West ... In the end, Wakanda's conservative ways created the very problem that sought to destroy them, Eric [sic] Killmonger".[259] Jelani Cobb, writing in The New Yorker, discussed the divide between Africans and African-Americans, which he called a "fundamental dissonance". He felt T'Challa and Killmonger represented "dueling responses to five centuries of African exploitation at the hands of the West. The villain, to the extent that the term applies, is history itself". Cobb added, "nothing in Marvel's collection of films is or could be political in the same way as Black Panther, because, in those other stories, we were at least clear about where the lines of fantasy departed from reality." The film "exists in an invented nation in Africa, a continent that has been grappling with invented versions of itself ever since white men first declared it the 'dark continent' and set about plundering its people and its resources."[260]