With a combination of the powers of Regina and Zelena, Hook and the others are transported to the Enchanted Forest, where they are reunited with Emma. It is Hook who prevents Emma from coldly killing the Scottish princess Merida in a moment of desperation. In Camelot, Hook and the others search for Merlin to help save Emma from her own darkness. Though they stalled by the deranged King Arthur, they eventually free Merlin. However, through Arthur's machinations, Merlin fails to revive Emma's goodness. After Emma passes her test and remains a hero, Hook and the others are betrayed by Zelena, who helps Arthur bind Merlin to the control of Excalibur, forcing him to abandon Emma in her time of need. Now under Arthur's control, Merlin holds Emma's family captive. Though Emma manages to free her family, Hook receives a fatal wound from Excalibur. In desperation to not lose another love, Emma uses her dark magic to tether Hook to Excalibur, making him another Dark One. Though Hook initially tried to fight the Darkness, he was eventually unable to resist his renewed thirst for vengeance. In determination to return to Storybrooke to kill Rumplestiltskin, Hook kills Merlin and uses his heart to enact the Dark Curse. Guilt-ridden over what she had done, Emma confronts Hook and steals his and everyone else’s memories. When Hook awoke back in Storybrooke, he remembered nothing of the last six weeks. While in Storybrooke, Hook tries to break Emma's curse through true love's kiss, as Belle tried years before with Rumplestiltskin. As before, this plan fails. A short while later, Emma tricks Hook into giving her his sword - the main ingredient she needs to reawaken Gold, who she plans to use to remove Excalibur. In this conversation, Hook takes responsibility for his past villainy, condemns his actions, and praises the man Rumplestiltskin once was as a man who was just "trying to keep his family together." In his mind, Rumplestiltskin became a monster, but Hook changed for the better. Eventually, Emma’s plan comes to fruition when she kidnaps Hook and Zelena, revealing her plan to kill the Wicked Witch after endowing her with the Darkness. The plan goes awry when Zelena restores her and Hook’s memories. Upon recalling what Emma did to him, Hook immediately renews his plot to revive every Dark One and kill Rumplestiltskin. However, after a confrontation with Emma and Regina, Hook has a crisis of conscience and turns on the Dark Ones. Subsequently, Hook sacrifices his life to destroy the Darkness once and for all. However, upon the discovery that Gold has betrayed Hook to take back his power, Emma blackmails him into helping her get into the Underworld, so that she may launch a mission to revive him.