Jadis, portrayed by Pollyanna McIntosh, is the oddly-spoken and enigmatic leader of the Scavengers. She is calm and collected, but also very cunning and sly. Her group kidnapped Gabriel and then ambushed Rick's team as they searched for him. When asked by Rick to join forces to defeat the Saviors, Jadis is reluctant but takes it into consideration after being told that they could gain more supplies. Jadis tells Rick he needs to prove his worth and she pushes him down a trash heap into a pit of trash and metal. After watching Rick kill a heavily armored walker, she tells him that she and her people will help him, but that they need a lot of guns. When Rick's group delivers 63 guns to her, she tells him that it is not enough, claiming they need nearly twice as many guns. Rick and Jadis renegotiate and agree that he will keep 20 of the guns while he searches for more. He finds the needed guns at Oceanside, seemingly clinching the Scavengers' support. The day of the battle, she crudely propositions Rick upon arrival at Alexandria. Together, the Scavengers and the Alexandrians wire up bombs at the gates ready for the enemy. When the explosion fails as Negan and his men wait by the gates, Jadis pulls a gun on Rick and the Scavengers follow suit with the rest of the Alexandrians. She reveals that she told Negan of Rick's plan and was offered a "better deal" by the Saviors. When the Saviors get distracted by the re-animated Sasha, Rick attempts to make another deal with her, but Jadis refuses and shoots him in the abdomen; she pushes him off the platform. During the battle, she flees with her group through smoke bombs. After the war between the Saviors and the banded survivors has begun, Rick again attempts to get Jadis on his side. She imprisons him in a shipping container, only releasing him to fight with another armed walker. He decapitates the walker and disarms her men, giving her new terms which she appears to accept. In the episode "The Key" Jadis captures Negan at gunpoint , in trying to take justice for the death of his camp at the hands of Simon. Jadis seeing the sincerity of Negan she decides to let him go.