Storage: The VRTX chassis includes shared storage slots that connect to a single or dual PERC 8 controller(s) via switched 6Gbit SAS. This controller which is managed through the CMC allows RAID groups to be configured and then allows for those RAID groups to be subdivided into individual virtual disks that can be presented out to either single or multiple blades. The shared storage slots are either 12 x 3.5" HDD slots or 24 x 2.5" HDD slots depending on the VRTX chassis purchased. Dell offers 12Gbit SAS disks for the VRTX, but these will operate at the slower 6Gbit rate for compatibility with the older PERC8 and SAS switches.  Networking: The VRTX chassis has a built in IOM for supporting ethernet traffic to the server blades. At present the options for this IOM are an 8 port 1Gb pass-through module, a 24 Port 1Gb switch (R2401) and a 20 X 10Gb (+2*1Gb) switch (R2210)[3]. The 8 port pass through module offers 2 pass-through connections to each internal blade slot where the 24 port 1Gb switch option provides 16 internal ports (4 per blade slot) and 8 external ports to be used to uplink to the network. The R2210 has 16 internal, 4 external and two additional 1Gb external ports. The I/O modules used on the VRTX are a different size to the I/O modules of the M1000e, so I/O modules are not compatible between the systems.  Management: A CMC is responsible for the management of the entire system. The CMC is similar to the CMC used in the M1000e chassis. Connection to the CMCs is done via separate RJ45 ethernet connectors.  Power and cooling: The system comes with four PSUs at 110 or 230V AC. There is no option to use -48V DC PSUs. Each 1100 Watt PSU has a built-in fan. For cooling of the server-modules there are four blower-modules, each containing two fans, and for cooling of the rest of the chassis there are 6 internal fans which can only be reached by opening the chassis. The fans used are the same units as used in the PowerEdge R-720xd rack-server.  KVM: Unlike the M1000e the VRTX doesn't have a separate KVM module, but it is built into the main chassis. The system only supports USB keyboard and mouse. Control of the KVM function is done via the mini LCD screen. These USB ports as well as the 15 pin VGA connector are at the front of the system.  USB: The USB connectors are only for connecting keyboard and mouse; it doesn't support external storage via USB.  LCD: Via the mini-LCD screen at the front of the system you can find status information of the system, configure some basic settings (such as CMC IP address) and manage the built-in KVM switch. The LCD screen functions can be controlled via a 5 button navigation system, similar to the system used on the M1000e.  Serial: A single RS-232 serial communication port is provided at the back of the system. This connector is only used for local configuration to the CMC: it doesn't allow you to use this connector as serial port of a server in the system.  Expansion slots: The system provides space for five PCIe Gen2 (2.0) expansion cards and 3 'full height' PCIe Gen2 (2.0) expansion cards. Via the management controller you can assign each slot to a specific server. You can only assign a PCIe slot to a server when the server is powered off as the PCIe card is recognized and initialized by the server BIOS at startup. Only certain PCIe cards are supported by Dell. Currently, VRTX support is limited to eight different PCIe cards, including six Ethernet NICs (Intel and Broadcom), a 6Git SAS adapter (LSI) and the AMD FirePro™ W7000.[4]