Morton High School District 201 has drastically expanded learning opportunities. Morton continues to enhance the many activities that support students’ learning such as Tapestry, Credit Recovery Program, and the Freshmen Mentoring Program. Several support programs such as Coaching Centers, Student Intervention Teams, and the Technology Support Internship make the education process a seamless one. Morton High School District 201 released a new grading system in 2014, which ensures that all parties are held accountable for the academic success of students and allows teachers to hold students to the highest standards. District 201 actively engages parents and community members. The district actively supports the Parent Teacher Organization and Parent Teacher Association, which helps with several community events throughout the school year, including coordinating a series of annual anti-bullying events. Parent liaisons at all campuses get parents involved in school and community events and hold monthly principal meetings to receive community feedback. Throughout the year counselors host a series of college nights explaining the college application and financial aid process to parents. District 201 has worked to provide safe and well maintained schools to enhance learning for all students. In 2014, the main school entrances were remodeled to provide control of all individuals entering school grounds. Also in 2014, the Board of Education inaugurated the new Morton Stadium which includes a new field, concession stand, and an 8 lane track, among several facility upgrades. In 2014, District 201 upgraded the Morton West pool room lighting with energy efficient lights and updated the ceiling, windows and paint. The Morton West cafeteria was also renovated and expanded over the summer of 2014. In 2014 the old Morton East pool was finally renovated into an expanded classroom. In 2015, six chemistry labs in Morton East and West will be renovated. Renovations are expected for the culinary arts room as well.  The 1:1 program was officially launched in 2014. In 2014 all incoming freshmen were given a Dell lap top device. District 201 will continue roll out the distribution and use of laptops for all incoming freshmen classes.  In 2014 a new interactive white board was installed in all classrooms throughout the district to support the 1:1 program. District 201 continues to improve district-wide technology infrastructure with an increase to district wide bandwidth. This increase in bandwidth allows students to take advantage of the 1:1 program.  In 2014 District 201 had its 5th consecutive balanced budget. On this same year, District 201 also received the Association of School Business Officials International's (ASBO) Certificate of Excellence in Financial Reporting Award for having met or exceeded the program's high standards for financial reporting and accountability. The district was recognized for its Comprehensive Annual Financial Report for the fiscal year ending 2013. A Comprehensive Annual Financial Report (CAFR) is a set of financial statements that provide a thorough and detailed presentation of a school district's financial condition and goes beyond the minimum information necessary for fair presentation in conformity with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).