Bette and Dot Tattler (portrayed by Sarah Paulson) also known as The Siamese Sisters are conjoined sisters recruited by Elsa to join the freak show. They have dicephalic parapagus: their conjoined body consists of a single torso with one pair of arms, one pair of legs, but two distinct heads and necks. Bette is the left side and Dot is on the right (from their own perspective). Bette, the more innocent and friendly of the two, loves Hollywood glamor and movies and perceives their new life to be like show business, whereas Dot, the more cynical twin, distrusts everyone and remembers their old, sheltered life as one of safety. They are found at their farmhouse injured alongside their dead mother who Bette stabbed in revenge for sheltering them away from society thus causing Dot to stab both her sister and self. They are rushed to hospital and their discovery becomes controversial attracting Elsa who brings them back to the show. Bette becomes jealous when Dot's singing makes her a star at the freak show and is encouraged by Elsa to kill her, which she never does. A jealous Elsa attempts to get rid of them by selling them to Gloria Mott, but they are rescued by Jimmy. Upon returning to the freak show, they attempt to blackmail Elsa to get money for a surgical separation so they can each live out their dreams. After they are tricked into believing that they can be separated for free, they realize how much they love each other and decide not to go through with the risky operation. Dot then professes her love to a drunken Jimmy, with Bette insisting that she can "look the other way" so that her sister can be happy; they are heartbroken when he turns them down. Both twins later turn their affections toward magician Chester Creb until Dandy informs them of his criminal past. After Dandy massacres their friends, Bette marries him as a ruse so that they, Desiree, and Jimmy can enact their revenge against him. In 1960, it is revealed that they are married to Jimmy and expecting a child with him. For her performance, Paulson won the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Movie/Miniseries, the Fangoria Chainsaw Award for Best TV Actress, the Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actress – Series, Miniseries or Television Film, and was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie. The performance of both twins was achieved using CGI to merge Paulson's dual performances together. According to showrunner Ryan Murphy, every scene Paulson had to shoot took almost twelve hours, compared to a regular scene which Murphy says takes five.