Tracy Beaker Returns Series 3 (2012)- Justine returned in the third series of Tracy Beaker Returns for one episode, where she arrives and asks Mike to give her away at her wedding after her father didn't approve of her fiancé, Charlie. Carmen Howle took a liking to Justine (and Charlie) and thought they'd be the perfect foster parents for her. Mike invites Justine and Charlie round for lunch, or as the kids called it and Engagement Party (much to Tracy's disgust). At lunch Justine continues to talk about herself making Tracy feel jealous, but Justine crosses the line after she tells everyone that when Tracy was a kid, she used to lie a lot about her mum being a big Hollywood star. And that she'd join her in Hollywood to be a star too. Justine then added that she almost believed her, seemingly trying to make out she wasn't being mean but it was obvious to Tracy that she was. During lunch Justine's fiance Charlie gets a phone call, Rick Barber (who was already suspicious of Charlie) sneaks out the dining room to listen in on Charlie, and it sounds dodgy. Especially when Charlie comes back into the dining room saying his mum has had a fall, which didn't sound like what Rick overheard. Rick then follows Charlie out telling him he knows what he's doing as his parents were con artists too. Charlie threatens Rick and bribes him not to tell Justine by giving him a new laptop. After lunch Justine takes Gina Conway, Carmen, Lily Kettle, Tee Taylor and Sapphire Fox shopping, they come back with loads of clothes and jewellery from Justine and while they were out, Justine told the girls about the time when Tracy dared her to steal Jenny Edwards' clothes while she was in the shower. (Which later the girls decide to steal Tracy's clothes while she's in the shower, thinking she'd find it funny. Which she didn't find amusing in the slightest). Later in the dining room Justine is discussing her wedding day plans to Carmen, showing her pictures of the venue and her wedding dress, and even invites Carmen along to the wedding. Carmen then asks Justine about fostering which freaks Justine out a little but says she'll think about it and talk to Charlie after Carmen said it worked for Cam and Tracy. Tracy overhears this and grows a little jealous but also thinks Justine is just saying she'll foster Carmen to get one over on Tracy. Justine then says that Tracy hasn't changed and that she still thinks the whole world revolves around Tracy Beaker and then starts mocking her book she wrote, which starts a classic Beaker and Littlewood Brawl. Carmen stops them and shouts at Tracy and saying how much she believes that Justine and Charlie are going to foster her. Rick then walks in a decides to tell the truth about Charlie. Rick tells Justine that Charlie is a con man and has loads of other girls on the go and twists things and lies to scam all these girls for their money, Justine refuses to believe her husband to be could be this evil, but agrees to team up with Tracy to find out the truth. So Justine, Tracy, Rick and Cam to team up to set a trap to catch Charlie out. After Charlie is caught out by Justine, with the help of Rick, Cam and Tracy. Justine ends it with Charlie and goes up to make up with her dad. Justine later goes back to the Dumping Ground to tell Mike and Gina what happened and what Charlie was up to, and that she found out Charlie's mum was in on the whole scam as well. Justine then goes to speak to Carmen to apologise that she won't be able to foster Carmen anymore after what's happened. Carmen calmly accepts the decision and reminds Justine what Tracy always tells them, that Dumping Ground Kids can cope with anything. Justine then tells Carmen to never to tell anyone she said that "Tracy Beaker's right". Before Justine leaves, her and Tracy have a heart to heart and reminisce their times in the DG. Tracy then goes on to say that she is a complete failure compared to Justine, but Justine says she doesn't think Tracy is a failure because her job just makes good money, while Tracy's job changes lives, then tells Tracy she's doing OK.