The story follows Naina Catherine Kapur (Preity Zinta), a pessimistic MBA student who lives in New York City with her widowed mother, Jennifer 'Jenny' Kapur (Jaya Bachchan) and two younger siblings, her biological brother Shiv and her adopted sister Gia. Jenny runs an unsuccessful cafe alongside her neighbor Jaswinder 'Jazz' Kapoor (Lilette Dubey) to provide for her family. Jenny's mother-in-law, Lajjo (Sushma Seth) is cold towards both Jenny and Gia, as she believes Gia's adoption is what led her son to commit suicide. Naina has two best friends; her classmate Rohit Patel (Saif Ali Khan) and neighbor Jaspreet 'Sweetu' Kapoor. Her life is dull and shadowed by the loss of her father, until Aman Mathur (Shahrukh Khan) moves into the home next door. He has come to live with his mother (Reema Lagoo) and uncle (Dara Singh). His bubbly attitude and fun-loving ways gradually win over Naina's family as he slowly starts to solve their familial problems. Among many things, Aman transforms Jenny's cafe into an Indian restaurant which alleviates their financial burdens with its success. He also works very hard to bring happiness into Naina's life and encourages her to live life to the fullest. His efforts result in Naina realizing that she loves him. Meanwhile, Rohit is beginning to fall in love with Naina and asks Aman for his help in confessing his true feelings. Naina calls Rohit and informs him that there is something she must say to him, and Rohit interprets this as Naina potentially reciprocating his feelings. Naina reveals to Rohit that she is in love with Aman and a heart broken Rohit calls Aman to tell him what has transpired instead. Naina arrives at Aman's house and is struggling to come clean when she sees a wedding photograph of Aman and an unknown bride. Curious, Naina proceeds to ask Aman who the bride in the photograph is and he reveals it is his wife, Priya (Sonali Bendre) on their wedding day. He goes on to say that has Priya had left for New York after a heated argument, and he had come to win her back. Heartbroken, Naina leaves without confessing while Aman's eavesdropping mother confronts him about what has happened. An emotional Aman reveals that he is not married at all, and in fact, Priya is not his wife but is his childhood friend and doctor. Aman is a terminally-ill patient, suffering from a fatal cardiac disease, and his chances of surviving are extremely low without the vital transplant he needs. He reveals that he is deeply in love with Naina as well but has decided to hide his love for her as he believes his days are numbered and he will eventually bring Naina pain with his loss. He vows to bring Naina and Rohit together as he believes Rohit's love is true and that he will be able to provide for her in the ways Aman will not. Aman embarks on a plan to transform Naina and Rohit's bond, and their friendship blossoms into the beginnings of what might be something more. However, Naina discovers their plans and publicly chides Aman for attempting to ruin her friendship with Rohit, just because Aman was not able to love Naina back. She also believes Rohit's love is not genuine and just the result of Aman's ploys. Aman then takes out Rohit's diary and confesses his true feelings for Naina claiming they are Rohit's. Naina eventually forgives both Aman and Rohit. Once the dust settles, Rohit proposes to Naina, which she accepts. It is during this time that Aman reveals to the entire family that Jennifer's husband had an illicit relationship and fathered Gia. When Gia's biological mother refused to accept her, Jenny adopted her and took her as her own. Unable to deal with the guilt, Naina's father took his own life. Lajjo realizes the years of torment she has put her daughter-in-law under, and they reconcile. During Naina and Rohit's engagement function, Aman has a health episode and is admitted to a stint in the hospital, unknown to anyone besides Aman's family. Meanwhile, while shopping with Rohit, Naina encounters Priya, who she recognizes as Aman's wife. After introducing herself, Priya's husband Abhay reveals that Aman is terminally-ill and is happy to see that he has friends like Rohit and Naina by his side during what seems to be his last days. Shocked, Naina realizes that then and there that Aman has sacrificed his love for her. She leaves the store in an emotional frenzy and Priya informs Aman about what has just happened. Aman leaves the hospital urgently and meets with Rohit. A frustrated Rohit questions why he is coming in between two people that are in love and why he should marry Naina and not Aman. Aman angrily urges Rohit to marry Naina if not for his own sake, then for Aman's sake as his dying wish. Aman then seeks out Naina and finds her in tears. Naina berates him for loving her so much and embraces him, as he tries to persuade her that he does not love her. Rohit and Naina's wedding rituals begin, in which Aman and Naina tearfully participate. Some time after the marriage, Aman is on his death bed and bids goodbye to everyone before he dies. He is left alone with Rohit after Naina leaves the room in an emotional frenzy. He declares that while Rohit has gotten Naina in this lifetime, he asks him to promise that in every other life to follow, Aman will be the one who gets Naina. Twenty years pass, and a middle aged Naina recalls how Aman impacted every aspect of their lives to a now grown-up Gia. She tells of how Aman taught her how to love life, her family, Rohit, and even herself. They are joined by her teenage daughter Rhea and an aged Rohit, who reminds Naina that he loves her as they embrace and walk back towards their home. At the end, Naina mentions that every girl wishes to find a best-friend in her husband, but she managed to find a husband in her best-friend.