Picking up from the previous episode, Fukase converses with Atsushi who persuades him to eliminate Sakamoto by burning the picture and his admiration to him. At the graduation ceremony, Sakamoto initiates the graduation speech by presenting a volleyball he retrieved from above. As he speaks to the crowd, Acchan approaches Sakamoto with a metal baseball bat. Acchan randomly swings his bat against to those who interfere his move and Fukase stops the teachers. With the crowd shocked and thinking it is a part of his presentation, Sakamoto extends his speech as he evades Acchan's attacks until they reach the rafters. Acchan sways his bat again but slips down when Sakamoto quickly grabs his hand. However, Acchan swings his bat to Sakamoto's hand and berates him about looking down on his personality. A wounded Sakamoto improvises his speech and tells everyone including Acchan about believing with friends. Acchan slips his hand and Sakamoto still catches him, proving that Sakamoto had deep care on his friends. The crowd seems delighted and gives Sakamoto a standing ovation. Acchan surrenders while Hayabusa's group arrive. Sakamoto heads to the clinic to tend his wounds and sees Fukase for the first time. Fukase compares himself to a deep ocean while Sakamoto, filling with hope, sees himself that he will swim that deep ocean to find new opportunities. Hayabusa, determined to put an end to Fukase, waits outside while Sakamoto approaches him and suggests a non-violent way to eliminate Fukase. As the graduates march with Fukase looking on, Hayabusa and his group enters and "congratulates" Fukase. With the help of Sakamoto, Fukase is being thrown out in the graduation ceremony. Kubota narrates the aftermath of the ceremony, Acchan was unpunished believing that he was part of Sakamoto's presentation, Fukase was seen on a beach holding a surfboard and a rumor found to be true which is Sakamoto leaving. Sakamoto was selected by a space administration in America and he will pursue his studies to become an astronaut. The 1-2 class bids farewell to Sakamoto by means of pie throwing which Sakamoto easily dodges as he leaves the classroom and holds a single pie on his hand. Hayabusa also bids goodbye to Sakamoto. At the school gate with Kakuta guarding, Sakamoto approaches with smothered pie on his face. He is being asked and he simply says, he is Sakamoto.