The eastern green mamba is solitary, except during breeding season, when they are most active and males engage in combat and males and females mate. Gravid females tend to be sedentary, but males will actively search out and court females during the long rainy season, which is between the months of April and June. Males have been observed engaging in agonistic behaviour and may fight each other over potential mating opportunities, or possibly to establish a dominance hierarchy. Typically, a male initiates a fight by moving on top of the other’s body and tongue-flicking, after which the two snakes “intertwine their necks and bodies, and push against each other” in an attempt to pin each other's head repeatedly to the ground. Male-male combat can last for several hours, but combat between males of this species don't ever include biting and the nature of the combat is never as aggressive and/or vicious as commonly seen among the eastern green mamba's much larger cousin, the black mamba. Males locate females by following a scent trail. The male courts the female by aligning his body along the female’s while rapidly tongue-flicking. Depending on whether the female is receptive to mating, she will lift her tail and cloacal juxtaposition will follow shortly. Courtship and mating take place in the trees, after which the female lays anywhere between 4-17 eggs (average of 10 to 15 eggs are laid), which occurs in the summer months of October and November.[18] The eggs are white and elongated, usually measuring 65x35 millimetres.[14] The eggs are usually laid in a hollow tree, among decaying vegetation, or leaf litter. The incubation period is 10 to 12 weeks. When the young emerge from the eggs, they are approximately 30 to 40 centimetres (12 to 16 in)[15] or around an average of 44 centimetres (17 in)[18] in length, and they're highly venomous right at birth. Individuals of this species usually reach adult coloration at a length of 60 to 75 centimetres (24 to 30 in)[14][15] Hatchlings tend to grow 50 to 80 centimetres (20 to 31 in) in length in the first year of life. As the hatchlings age, their growth rates decrease but they never stop completely growing.[18]lays up too ten two 100 eggs