Bronn (season 1–present) portrayed by Jerome Flynn. Bronn is a sellsword with a sardonic sense of humor. He initially serves under Catelyn Stark and aids her in arresting Tyrion Lannister and taking him to the Vale to stand trial for the murder of Jon Arryn and attempted murder of Bran Stark. During the trial, Bronn realises that Tyrion will most likely be executed by the insane Lysa Arryn despite the impossibility of his guilt, and volunteers to fight for Tyrion when he demands a trial by combat. Bronn defeats Lysa Arryn's champion and becomes Tyrion's companion and protector, accompanying him back to King's Landing. After they arrive, Bronn's service to Tyrion earns him a position as Commander of the City Watch after Janos Slynt is revealed to be accepting bribes from the Lannisters. When Stannis Baratheon attacks the city by sailing up the Blackwater Bay, he shoots a flaming arrow to a ship containing wild fire which destroys half of Stannis' fleet, and kills several of the attackers in defence of the city. However, Bronn is stripped of his position after Tywin Lannister takes his seat as Hand of The King, but is knighted taking the name Ser Bronn of the Blackwater for his service. He subsequently demands more gold for protecting Lord Tyrion and remains his confidante, though discord is increasing between the two. When Tyrion is forced to marry Sansa Stark, Bronn claims he desires her sexually, which Tyrion takes as a grave insult. In Season 4, Tyrion pays him to train Jaime Lannister in fencing with his left hand, as well as get Shae out of King's Landing, which he assures was completed. Bronn later implores Jaime to visit and help Tyrion after he is accused of murdering Joffrey, telling Jaime that Tyrion originally named him as his defender while on trial in the Vale before Bronn volunteered. Bronn is later betrothed to a rich woman by Cersei in order to stop Tyrion from naming him as his champion. Bronn visits Tyrion in his cell to inform him, and tells him that he most likely would not have been prepared to fight Ser Gregor Clegane, Cersei's champion, anyway. He bids Tyrion farewell and they part ways as friends. In Season 5, Bronn is taking a stroll with his betrothed, Lollys Stokeworth, just outside Castle Stokeworth. Lollys talks at length about the upcoming wedding, but Bronn seems uninterested about discussing it. He does comfort Lollys when she talks about her sister Felyse, saying that mean people will always get what they deserve. The two are interrupted when they see Jaime near the castle. Jaime intends to bring Myrcella Baratheon back from Dorne to King's Landing and wants Bronn to help him. He also reveals that Cersei has arranged for Willas Bracken to wed Lollys instead of him, which angers Bronn, as he and Cersei had an agreement. Jaime tells Bronn that he will get a much better girl and a much better castle once they return from Dorne. Bronn and Jaime infiltrate the Water Gardens and find Myrcella with Trystane Martell, but are intercepted by the Sand Snakes, Oberyn Martell's bastard daughters, who seek to kill Myrcella as revenge against Cersei for Oberyn's death. Bronn sustains a cut while fighting Tyene Sand before they are all arrested by the Dornish guard. While in custody, Bronn almost dies from poison due to Tyene's blade being coated in it, though she gives him the antidote. Though he struck Trystane during the struggle, Bronn is ultimately spared and allowed to return to King's Landing with Jaime, after Areo Hotah strikes him across the face in retribution for harming Trystane. In season six, he accompanies Jaime to the Riverlands to retake Riverrun from Brynden Tully for the Freys, and returns to King's Landing afterwards. In season seven he accompanies Jamie to capture Highgarden, reminding Jamie that he is still owed a highborn wife and a castle by the Lannisters. When the baggage train and force of soldiers he and Jamie are travelling with is attacked by Daenerys' Dothraki and dragons he attempts to use a scorpion (giant crossbow) to shoot down Daenerys' dragon. One of his shots wings the dragon but does not kill it, and the scorpion is destroyed by fire. Bronn sees Jamie about to make a suicidal charge at Daenerys and shoves him into the water just as the dragon is about to incinerate him. In King's Landing Bronn leads Jamie down into the lower levels of the Red Keep, ostensibly to practice with swords, before revealing he had been asked by Tyrion to bring Jamie to a meeting. Cersei describes this as treason, but Jamie takes no action against Bronn.