CJ, Fenwick, and Crispo all want to master a thing: CJ does not know what she wants to master and Crispo wants to master "Jingle Bells" on the violin. Fenwick already believes he has mastered a thing—receiving straight As. However, that changes when he receives a B on a Shakespeare assignment and shows that he is the master of tantrums. The teacher calls Mr. Roberts who is all too familiar with Fenwick's tantrums and leads him into his office. Mr. Roberts notices that Fenwick has been a little stressed and asks him about it. After he explains his issues, Mr. Roberts shows Fenwick a pamphlet with relaxation techniques. Meanwhile, CJ ropes her parents into helping her. She discovers there is a kung fu class at the community center and decides to give it a try. When she arrives she notices that Gorgeous Eighth Grade Boy is in the orange division, and that is when she decides that kung fu will be her thing to master. Later, Crispo is having no luck mastering "Jingle Bells" on the violin and gives up. Meanwhile, CJ masters kung fu and makes it into the orange belt division. However, things take a bad turn when she has to fight Gorgeous Eighth Grade Boy. Later, Crispo discovers Tammi Viola, a master violinist, saved his violin from the garbage. She then suggests him to get the rhythm down first. Later, Fenwick is taken into Mr. Roberts' office again, who suggests another relaxation technique. It fails again, but Mr. Roberts discovers that rather than playing dodge ball, he has just been standing there, so he suggests actually participating. Later, after Crispo has given up again, Tammi once again gets his spirits back up by having him listen to what he sounds like among an orchestra. Later during gym, Fenwick discovers that actually participating in sports does reduce stress. Later, after CJ has already discovered that Gorgeous Eighth Grade Boy is terrible at kung fu, she defeats him multiple times. He later comes and CJ sees him with a broken arm, and he asks her to sign his cast. CJ thinks it is her fault, but he says that he actually broke it in a skateboarding accident.