Portrayed by Christina Moore during season one, Tracy Clark is a brash and vivacious woman from upper-class society. She is the mother of Naomi Clark and her sister Jen, both of whom she had with her wealthy husband Charles. At the beginning of the series, Tracy also claimed to have a son whom she'd given up for adoption during her younger years. In revealing this, she also told her ex-boyfriend Harry Wilson that he was the father. This prompted him to investigate further. A shaken Naomi later told Tracy that she'd seen Charles kissing another woman. To Naomi's surprise, Tracy identified the woman as Gail. She then explained that the affair had been going on for two years, but only on an occasional basis. Not wanting to separate the family or lose her life of luxury, Tracy had chosen to tolerate Charles's unfaithful ways. However, Naomi soon learns that Charles intended to move Gail into the family's beach house, and reveals this to her mother. Upon realizing that Charles's interest in Gail was greater than she'd thought, Tracy begins to have a change of heart regarding the matter. She soon reveals to Naomi that she and Charles are divorcing. Afterwards, she takes Naomi in her arms and openly stated that she loves her. Sean Cavanaugh, a young man who claims to be Tracy's son with Harry, soon arrives in Beverly Hills and introduces himself to the Clarks and the Wilsons, staying with the latter family while in town. Harry's daughter Annie and his wife Debbie eventually begin growing suspicious of Sean's identity, particularly when Annie overhears one of his phone calls. Sean then claims that he was being harassed by men who wanted him to pay his adopted father's gambling debt, and that going to the authorities for help would be risky. When Harry and Tracy offers to give Sean the money, Debbie and Annie confronts Harry and requested a paternity test. Sean agrees, but suddenly leaves town the next morning without telling anyone. It is also revealed that he'd received a degree of money from the Clark family. This led the Wilsons, Naomi, and a reluctant Tracy to conclude that Sean was not who he claimed to be, but someone who'd intended to scam them. It is later revealed that the real name of Harry and Tracy's son is named Mark Holland.