In Season 5B, Lydia is rendered catatonic from Theo's clawing into her memories. Her mother Natalie has Lydia moved to Eichen House which has been usurped by an escaped Valack in disguise. In "Damnatio Memoriae", Lydia separates from her physical body, then telepathically communicates with Meredith. The fellow banshee tells her she has to wake up to save her friends who are in danger and promises to teach her how to use her voice as a weapon. Under Meredith's coaching, while simultaneously predicting the carnage in Beacon Hills due to Beast of Gévaudan and predicting Malia's death at the hands of the Desert Wolf, Lydia succeeds in finding her voice. She snaps awake from her coma, Screaming and inconspicuously saves Malia's life. With her new skill, Lydia makes an attempt to escape to save her friends' lives, but Valack, glamoured as Aiden distracts her and she's restrained. Valack then performs a trephanation on her. In "Amplification", when Lydia comes to, she's gained extrasensory perception and her powers are dangerously amplified. Valack uses her to learn more about the Dread Doctors, Theo and the Beast, having her "be (his) eyes". Simultaneously, the Pack hatches a plan break her out of Eichen House, just as Theo's Chimera Pack also breaks in to capture her for Theo's own ends. Valack manages to slip away with Lydia, just as the Banshee whispers become powerful enough to kill her. Soon Lydia unintentionally kills Valack with her uncontrolled Scream, but Parrish, as the hellhound, shields the Pack from being harmed by her voice. Deaton treats her trephanation head wound with mistletoe, and Lydia recovers from her experience, to Stiles' euphoria and she's embraced by her recently enlightened mother. During the ongoing hunt for the Beast, in "A Credible Threat" the Argents have Lydia communicate with Parrish's hellhound side. Lydia tells the Guardian he can't beat the Beast without Parrish, and later convinces a disheartened Parrish to stay in Beacon Hills to help fight the Beast, reassuring him that her visions of death don't always come true and helps him figure out how to consciously tap into his powers. In "Apotheosis", Scott's Pack invoke an old piece of werewolf lore, by calling out a shapeshifter's Christian name they assume their human form. Lydia, as a harbinger of death, Screams Mason's name at the Beast of Gévaudan with her banshee voice: the sound cripples the Beast, and reverses the transformation, freeing Mason from the Beast's essence.