Attempting to help with the Dead Pool situation, Parrish helps Lydia and Stiles with the list of names Lorraine Martin left Lydia. They were all supposedly suicides committed at Eichen House, but Parrish later notices each suicide was reported by the same person: Brunski. Parrish arrives at the institution just in time to save Stiles and Lydia from being murdered by Brunski, shooting him dead. Parrish, tracking Peter Hale in "A Promise to the Dead", arrives in the sewers and attempts to free Chris Argent from being pegged to the wall. Parrish tells Chris he needs adrenaline, and he can get it using anger, and encourages the older man to use anger over what Allison would feel if Scott were in danger, and while pulling the rebar again, Parrish's supernatural nature triggers again, his eyes glowing with fire. In "Smoke and Mirrors", Parrish accompanies Chris to Mexico to rescue the Pack from Kate. At the conclusion of Season 4, Lydia gives Parrish a copy of the bestiary and offers him her help to find out what his supernatural identity is. During their investigation, Parrish tells her of a recurring dream he's been having. He's carrying a corpse through the woods to the Nemeton, where he's laying it down next to the tree stump. Parrish leaves out the fact that there are hundreds more bodies littering the clearing. In Season 5, "Condition Terminal", Parrish gives Lydia hand-to-hand lessons from his time in the Army at her request. When the Chimeras (genetic mutations of supernatural creatures produced by the Dread Doctors) appear, and as they're killed off, Parrish unconsciously goes into trances, his supernatural nature activating, where he steals the corpses and places them at the Nemeton, the scene in his dreams playing out. In one of his trances, Parrish flips over Stiles' jeep, and attacks fellow deputies guarding one of the corpses. Parrish's supernatural side also displays a telepathic connection with Lydia's banshee spirit. In "Lies of Omission", Parrish succeeds in consciously activating his powers by Lydia's intervention. Once he's told of his actions, he's horrified and tells Lydia the rest of the dream. To protect everyone around him, Parrish has himself incarcerated in a jail cell, telling Stilinski he's dangerous. In "Status Asthmaticus", Parrish's powers activate again and he easily escapes the cell to collect the remaining corpses. Lydia simultaneously uncovers his nature: a hellhound.