Nikolai (seasons 4–7) (voiced by Roger Craig Smith) is a young 5'9" goat who was trained by the KGB as a ruthless spy, and who later sent him to work for the Russian organization M.O.M.M. (Ministry of Mental Management), a company that struggled to find out what made American parks up to date and wealthy. In order to fix Russia's outdated parks, the company sent out Nikolai on a covert operation to obtain the park and bring it back to Russia. During his undercover mission, he changed his identity to "Thomas" and presented himself as an intern for credits in college in "Exit 9B" (in which he made his debut), working as an unpaid intern who calls his "mom" on a regular basis and is often reproved by his coworkers, most notably by Muscle Man. He is usually reluctant to be involved in the surreal and chaotic adventures that arise in The Park, often asking if he has to be part of the situation, to which they insist that he must. There are times when Nikolai becomes personally invested in maintaining his cover, such as using a robot to pose as his "mom" in "The Thanksgiving Special," and wearing spy attire disguised as a Halloween costume (a slice of pizza, which he had to wear until Thanksgiving Day upon losing a bet in "Terror Tales of the Park III"). When the other Russian spies that were deployed with him carry out the final phase of the plan to bring The Park to Russia in "The Real Thomas," he finally reveals his true identity to the park crew and explains why he is really there. When Nikolai learns the plan is really to destroy the Park through a loophole in Russian/American relations, he turns on his fellow spies for being lied to (along with some persuasion by the park crew to remind him of the good times they had as friends, despite the constant poor treatment he received from them for being an intern), and returns the Park to American soil before going on the run from both sides. He makes several cameos after this, usually in some sort of disguise. Eventually, he returns in "Guys Night 2," revealing himself to be tired of his old life as a spy and wanting to move on to a new life. He feels his only option is to go into hiding forever, but first he enjoys one final hang with the park crew. He made non-speaking cameos in later episodes.