Carla was born on 3 January 1975 in Manchester. She was the result of a one-night stand between her mother Sharon and Johnny Connor (Richard Hawley), a married man who lived close by. Johnny knew that Carla was most likely his daughter, but for the sake of his marriage, he buried the memory of his liaison with Sharon. He did, however, make child support payments to Sharon whenever she had nowhere else to turn, which he managed to keep hidden from his wife Lou. Sharon lived in poverty on a run-down council estate. Carla was born into a world of alcohol and drugs, which Sharon sold from Carla's pram. Sharon had plenty of boyfriends and, a few years after Carla was born, she gave birth to her second misbegotten child, Rob (Marc Baylis). She went on to marry George, who mistreated Carla and Rob and was hated by them. Carla's best friends growing up were Michelle (Kym Marsh), Paul (Sean Gallagher) and Liam Connor (Rob James-Collier) who lived in the nicer part of the estate. Michelle and her siblings were second cousins once removed of Johnny and third cousins of Johnny's children, Aidan (Shayne Ward) and Kate (Faye Brookes), with whom Carla was also friendly despite them being ten years younger than her. In 1993, Sharon told Lou about her affair with Johnny, leading Lou to run out of the house in the course of arguing with Johnny and being fatally struck by a drunk driver. As a teenager, Carla worked Saturdays in a shoe shop and on her birthday in 1997 she began a relationship with her future husband Paul, who she married on 26 January 1999 at age 24. With Paul earning good money, Carla's lifestyle changed for the better. For a while, she maintained regular visits to the family home but soon stopped as Rob constantly got at her for leaving him to deal with their mother's troubles by himself. To ease her conscience, Carla sent her mother expensive gifts, but because of where she lived Sharon was afraid they would be stolen and kept them under lock and key. Rob was later sent to Strangeways prison for armed robbery in 2004.