Having woken up in Boris's safe-house, Henry makes Boris soup in exchange for a handle needed to open a door. The two work together to navigate through a dark hallway with a flashlight. Upon reaching a locked door, Boris goes through a vent to unlock it from the other side. Henry then walks into Heavenly Toys, the studio's toy manufacturing department, where he repairs a jammed mechanism to clear the path and encounters a living, insane version of Alice Angel. During his first encounter with "Alice", she smashes a window in the room next to Henry before disappearing. There are two paths that Henry can take: the Angel path or the Demon Path. Depending on which path he takes, the other will close, ultimately affecting the chapter's post-credits scene. There are also two different tape recordings, one from Joey, who mentions possibly attempting to cheat death by "believing", and one from Susie Campbell, who says that she got fired by Sammy and replaced with another voice actress named Allison Pendle. Another one from her reveals she once had lunch with Joey, and liked it when he called her "Alice", meaning the two might have formed some sort of connection. Henry reunites with Boris, who hands him a pipe to use as a weapon and after working together to open another door, they reach "Alice"'s lair. There, Henry finds out that "Alice" has been sacrificing other cartoon character clones in order to improve her appearance. After witnessing her electrocuting a living version of the Butcher Gang member named Piper, "Alice" offers Henry his freedom in exchange for a few errands. Henry carries out these various errands (which involves gathering several materials such as gears from power boxes, valve cores from valve boxes, heart pieces from the lowest floor, and blobs of ink from Swollen Searchers, destroying Bendy cutouts, and defending "Alice"'s lair from the Butcher Gang) for "Alice" while evading "Bendy" and the Projectionist, a disfigured version of Norman Polk who, like "Sammy", got stuck in the studio and has now become an ink monster with a Projector for a head. "Alice" also offers Henry some tools to help him, such as a plunger, a wrench, an ink syringe, an axe, and a tommy gun. However, the tommy gun will disappear when Henry reaches for it. It is obtainable by doing the following steps before having to deal with the Projectionist (which is when "Alice" will offer Henry the tommy gun). Henry must first find a small ink statue on a table and the player must click on it until it turns into an ink machine shape. Afterwards, Henry must take the Demon path and complete all the missions without dying. After every task is complete, Henry and Boris ascend in an elevator. However, "Alice" then proclaims she wants to use Boris for herself, and the elevator plummets down. As Boris tries to revive an unconscious Henry, he is pulled away by "Alice" and presumably captured, leaving Henry for dead. Two endings will be shown depending on which path Henry took after encountering "Alice" for the first time: if he took the Demon path, the ending will show "Bendy" standing in front of an ink-filled room that includes the Butcher Gang and a Searcher, but if Henry takes the Angel path, the ending will show Boris tied to a table with an axe and "Alice"'s shadow on a wall nearby.