Lucretia's personal and loyal slave. She becomes Crixus' love interest after he declares his affection. The two are seen by Ashur making love, and in attempt to gain vengeance on Crixus for crippling him, he asks for Naevia's purity from Batiatus. Naevia refuses to be with Crixus again and reveals to him that Batiatus has given her to another man. Though she refuses to mention who, Crixus finds out it is Ashur during an exhibition fight between Glaber's soldiers and Spartacus. He attacks Ashur, revealing their affair to all. She is sold after this, and Crixus vows to find her. After the rebellion, he sets out to seek information about her whereabouts, and eventually finds her in the deepest mines of Rome, taking her back with him. While she was sold from master to master, it's revealed some of them had done unspeakable things to her, and this forces Crixus to teach her how to fight like a warrior, so that no man will ever hurt her again. She becomes a strong warrior, having no difficulties defeating and killing many Roman soldiers. However, haunted by her past mistreatment at the hands of the Romans, Naevia develops a severe hatred toward anyone of Roman descent, be they soldiers or civilians. Her hatred causes a large rift between the major generals of the rebel army, particularly Spartacus, as well as Gannicus, after they refuse to kill the Roman families who were in a city they had taken. Eventually convincing Crixus to separate from Spartacus. The two of them, as well as the several thousand who followed them, begin marching toward the city of Rome itself, winning many skirmishes along the way. Just a few miles outside the city, they are cornered by Crassus' vastly larger army, and thus soundly defeated. She is forced to watch as Crixus is beheaded by Tiberius. Naevia, however, is spared and sent back to the rebel camp carrying Crixus' severed head as warning of Spartacus' demise. Games are held pitting Roman soldiers against gladiators in honor of Crixus, with Naevia to face a now captive Tiberius in the primus. Begrudgingly, sparing him for the purpose of trading him in order to regain 500 of the slaved defeated in battle, she later joins Spartacus in the final battle against Crassus. While aiding Gannicus in protecting their flank, Naevia is severely wounded after a horseback rider slashes her jugular vein. Despite the fatal injury, she still attempts to engage Caesar, though she is swiftly bested. Forced to her knees from a slash to her kneecap, she is then stabbed in the neck, and through the heart (mirroring the manner in which Diona was killed) with her own sword.