The Jewish diaspora in Egypt was already several centuries old. It was as old as that of the East (Babylon), but not until the early Hellenistic period did it achieve comparable importance. Alexander the Great's breathtakingly rapid campaign of conquest led to the swift commercialisation of the Eastern Mediterranean after 333 BCE. After numerous vicissitudes, and especially owing to internal dissensions within the Seleucid dynasty on the one hand and to the interested support of the pre-Roman Empire, the pre-autocratic Roman Republic on the other, the cause of Jewish independence finally triumphed .As early as the third century BCE Jewish communities sprang up in the Aegean islands, Greece, Asia Minor, Cyrenaica, Italy and Egypt.[30]: 8–11 In Palestine, under the favourable auspices of the long period of peace - almost a whole century - which followed the advent of the Ptolemies, the new ways were to flourish. By means of all kinds of contacts, and particularly thanks to the development of commerce, Hellenism infiltrated on all sides in varying degrees. The ports of the Mediterranean coast were indispensable to commerce and, from the very beginning of the Hellenistic period, underwent great development. In the Western Diaspora Greek quickly became dominant in Jewish life and little sign remains of profound contact with Hebrew or Aramaic, the latter probably being the more prevalent. The proportion of Jews in the Diaspora in relation to the size of the nation as a whole increased steadily throughout the Hellenistic era and reached astonishing dimensions in the early Roman period, particularly in Alexandria. It was not least for this reason that the Jewish people became a major political factor, especially since the Jews in the diaspora, notwithstanding strong cultural, social and religious tensions, remained firmly united with their homeland.[31] Smallwood writes that,'It is reasonable to conjecture that many, such as the settlement in Puteoli attested in 4 BCE went back to the late (pre-Roman Empire) Roman Republic or early Empire and originated in voluntary emigration and the lure of trade and commerce."[32] Dating the numerous settlements is difficult. Some settlements may have resulted from the Jewish revolts. Others such as the Jewish community in Rome were far older dating back to at least the mid second century BCE. Although it expanded greatly following  Pompey’s campaign in 62 BCE. In 6 CE the Romans annex Judaea. Only the Jews in Babylonian remained outside of Roman rule.[33]:168 Unlike the Greek speaking Hellenized Jews in the west the Jewish communities in Babylonian and Judea continued the use of Aramaic as a primary language.[22]