A paleontologist, Dr. John Porter arrives in town, igniting "bone fever" among the townsfolk when he announces that dinosaur bones are worth $500 for a full skeleton that has never been found before. Jake, Hank and Loren dig up holes to try to find the skeleton. When they attempt to make a fake dinosaur, Porter discovers one of the bones is the genuine article and demands to be taken to where it was found. Despite the fact that the area is Cheyenne burial ground and is sacred, he ignores Sully's advice and the consequences. Sully goes to Cloud Dancing and tries to stop him. Cloud Dancing says he will ask the spirits for help. Meanwhile, Matthew and Colleen try to prevent Brian from discovering that the "dinosaur" bone his father gave him is a fake. When Brian loses his dinosaur bone he tries to search for it in the middle of the night. He finds it then Porter finds him "trespassing on his dig" and accuses him of stealing bones. When one of the soldiers is ordered to pull up a pole out of the ground, an unseen force forces him back down the hill. Jake, Hank and Loren see this and refuse too work for Porter any longer. Sully shows Dr. Mike the human remains Porter has dug up, and she tries again to tell him not to continue what he is doing, but he refuses to listen. Sully tells Porter he is leaving, and it is a promise. Brian is angry with Colleen and Matthew for treating him like a baby and doubting his father's word that the bone isn't real. The next day, Sully and Rev. Johnson find Loren's wife's Maude Bray's body has been exhumed (although the Indians always treated the remains with respect) and there is an Indian pole in the pile of dirt next to the headstone. Hank and everyone want to go off to kill Indians, but Loren asks Sully if there is something he can do. Matthew and Colleen make restitution with Brian. Cloud Dancing says to Loren he can't help him. But when Loren says he would be willing to do anything, Cloud Dancing says the dog soldiers may be willing to trade. Your dead for our dead. Porte is persuaded through the use of Sully and Loren to hand over the Cheyenne bones, when they threaten to blow everything up with dynamite. The box is returned to Cloud Dancing who tells Loren he is a "courageous and honorable" man. Brian also returns his dinosaur bone to Cloud Dancing, citing the reason for his actions.