A Royal Stag ad in 2011 featuring Harbhajan Singh, showed him opting to not work in his father's ball bearing factory and focus on cricket instead. The commercial ends with him asking the viewer, if with his achievements, "Have I made it large?" Royal Stag's rival, United Spirits Ltd's McDowell's No. 1 Platinum whisky mocked the ad in its commercial featuring Mahendra Singh Dhoni. The ad showed Harbhajan look-alike making ball bearings the size of gym balls at his father's factory, asking if he had "made it large", only to get slapped by his father for being incompetent.[36] Dhoni then tells the viewer, "Zindagi main kuch karna hai to large chodo, kuch alag karo yaar" (If you want to do something in life, then forget large, do something different yaar). The ad is considered to be a rare example of a spoof in surrogate advertising. The Economic Times quoted an industry official as saying, "It is in bad taste, this type of advertising has never been used in the Indian liquor industry."[37] Harbhajan served a legal notice to United Spirits Ltd on 18 July 2011 claiming that the commercial mocked him, his family and the Sikh community. The notice was sent to Vijay Mallya, UB Executive vice-chairman SR Gupte, President & CFO Ravi Nedungadi, Deputy President Harish Bhat and Executive VP (Corporate Affairs) Nandini Verma. It was sent by Avtar Kaur, Harbhajan's mother, through his lawyers, Dewani Advocates & Consultants. Kaur stated these kinds of advertisements brought "disunity and friction" in the Indian cricket team and could be termed "anti-national". The notice also demanded that the company publicly apologise to the family "through widely-read newspapers as well as television channels prominently",[38] remove the advertisement within three days of receiving the notice and compensation of ₹100,000 (US$1,600).[39][40][41] The United Breweries Group withdrew the ad on 22 July 2011 stating that had done so "in the interest of the game of cricket" and fearing that the commercial could be "misused by vested interests to further their own agenda". The company also stated that the view of the management was that there was no maintainable case.[42]