In Season 5, "The Sword and the Spirit", Deucalion has been tracked down and is held hostage by Theo's Chimera Pack after some strife and pain on their part. Deucalion is blind again saying Jennifer's magically healing his eyesight was only temporary. The Alpha tells Theo he's aware of the Beast of Gévaudan which has been resurrected by the Dread Doctors and that Theo wants the werewolf to show him how to steal its power. In exchange, Deucalion says that he only wants Scott's eyes "on the tips of (his) claws". In "Amplification", Hayden is assigned to watch over Deucalion. The Alpha offhandedly lets her know Theo plans on siphoning the Beast's power using the garuda talons, but Theo's own Chimera frequency would reject the talons then kill him. He also gives her subtle advice on where her loyalties lie referring to the skirmish between Scott and Theo's Packs, giving her the resolve to leave Theo so she can be with Liam. In "The Beast of Beacon Hills", Deucalion proposes that a ruffled Theo trust him while revealing he'd has been playing them all along in that he'd let them take him hostage. Deucalion tells Theo the secret to stealing power is to "take their pain, take their life, take their power" which leads to Theo murdering Josh to siphon the latter's power to use the Dread Doctor mask to identify the Beast. He encourages Theo to align with Scott, saying he can't get to the Beast's host – Mason – without Scott's connection. In "Apotheosis", Deucalion is betrayed by Theo after the latter tests his newfound Chimera abilities on him. It is then revealed that Deucalion allied himself with Scott all along to double cross Theo and had lied to Theo about being both blind again (using a mastery over his werewolf body to disguise his eyes), wanting to get back at Scott, and that Belasko's talons could've worked to siphon the Beast's power. Deucalion blinks with purpose and his natural eye colour is back. He then breaks Theo's neck. Deucalion presumably then leaves after Gerard is disabled by Chris, the Beast is killed and Theo is banished to the underworld.