Upon returning to the present, Hook becomes enthralled in a deal with Gold, after he is deceived by the Dark One. Through the course of Storybrooke's battle against the former Queen Ingrid, Hook serves Gold in gathering more magic for himself. After Hook tries to prevent the Dark One from absorbing Emma's magic, Gold rips out Hook's heart and controls him. Through this, Gold forces Hook to suck the fairies into the immortal sorcerer Merlin's hat. After Ingrid sacrifices herself to stop her own curse, Hook is taken by Gold to be sacrificed in the ceremony that would sever the connection between him and his dagger. Fortunately, he is rescued by the timely arrival of Belle, who has taken possession of the real dagger. Later on, Hook works with Belle to find a spell to release the fairies imprisoned in the hat, inadvertently also releasing the Chernabog. The beast is eventually defeated with the help of Ursula and Cruella de Vil, who have made an alliance with Gold. When it is revealed that Gold, Ursula, and Cruella have not only formed an alliance but have resurrected Maleficent, Hook decides to make things right with Ursula. After her singing voice is restored, with the help of Ariel and Poseidon, Ursula fills Hook in on the rest of Gold's plan: to turn Emma dark. This plan is eventually done through Isaac Heller, the Author, who creates an alternate reality which robs heroes of their happy endings. In this reality, a cowardly Hook aids Emma and Henry on their quest to restore their old reality. In a fight against the evil Prince Charming, Hook is killed. However, when the alternate universe is undone, Hook's life is restored. Upon returning to Storybrooke, Gold's life is nearly drained by his own darkness. In hopes of preventing this, Merlin's apprentice removes Gold's darkness, trying to store it in his master's hat. Unfortunately, the hat is not strong enough to contain it, and the darkness escapes. Though it originally targets the Apprentice, he is spared briefly by Emma, who expels it outside. However, when the darkness chooses Regina as its host, Emma selflessly accepts her role as the new Dark One, pleading with her parents and Hook to help remove her darkness.