This story is about Ranjit Singh (Sanjay Dutt) who is a major in the Indian Army. One day Bakhtawar and his men attack the Indian Army. Ranjit Singh and some army men cross the Indian border to kill them. But in a blast all of them are killed but Ranjit is saved. Ranjit is tortured to reveal classified information, but he does not succumb, In the process Ranjit loses his memory. After that 'Bade Miya' (Father of Bakhtawar) saves Ranjit. When Ranjit come out of his illness he decides to send Ranjit back to India. But on the other side, in Ranjit's home, Pummy (Tabu), Simran (Mahima Chaudhary) and his father wait for Ranjit. The Panchayat wants to erect a statue in honour of his death, but Pummy wants to avoid this. Pummy obtains information that Pakistan would be releasing some Indian soldiers. They also release Ranjit, but because of his loss of memory, he is unable to find his way home. The Indian army puts Ranjit in hospital. Everyday Ranjit's wife Pummy and his sister Simran go to the hospital. Pummy tries to remind him of their own story. It is learnt that Ranjit meets Pummy at the engagement of a friend Ravi (Chandra Chur Singh) and falls in love with her, but her uncle and aunty get her engaged to a bad man. Pummy escaped from him and went to Ranjit's home. He asks her to marry him but Billa kidnaps Pummy and then Ranjit cuts Billa's hand. After the end of the story, on the second day Simran comes with a rakhee to tie on Ranjit. She requests the captain to give permission for them to go to the Gurudwara. However, Bakhtawar plants bombs everywhere, to spread crime, Ranjit knows Bakhtawar and he goes to catch Bakhtawar. Both fight with each other but Ravi shoots Ranjit's leg and Bakhtawar manages to escape. Ranjit's lost memory comes back. To catch Bakhtawar Ranjit decide to get Simran and Ravi married. Bakhtawar comes to kill Ranjit but fails. In the midst of all of this, Inspector Suraj dies. Ranjit arrests Bakhtawar. However, when an aeroplane is hijacked, the Indian army decide to release Bakhtawar in return for the hostages. Ravi, Bakhtawar & his friends come to border. Will Bakhtawar die? What will happen to Ravi? Can Ravi & Simran live happy life