Dwight is the only person that Angela likes in the office. It is shown in "E-mail Surveillance" that Dwight and Angela have begun a romantic relationship. Although she has said she loves Dwight and cares about him, she refuses to tell anyone about their relationship, and is often made uncomfortable by Dwight's passion for her. Their relationship is seemingly summarized in "A.A.R.M.": when Dwight tells her that yelling through a megaphone expresses "how loudly I love you", Angela meekly whispers "It's too loud." In "Traveling Salesman" Angela forgets to send an accounting folder to corporate, so Dwight drives to New York and gives the folder to them. After Dwight is told he would be fired if he didn't tell Michael why he went to New York, he keeps their relationship secret out of respect for Angela. Angela later tells Michael what happened, but still doesn't reveal their relationship. In "Fun Run" Angela asks Dwight to feed her cat Sprinkles, who is feeling sick, but Dwight kills it, which causes Angela to break up with him. After Angela begins a relationship with Andy in Season 4, she stops dating Dwight, but at the end of "Goodbye Toby" Phyllis sees Angela cheating on Andy with Dwight. Dwight ends their affair in "The Duel" after learning that she has been having sexual relations with Andy. In "The Delivery" Dwight, who wants to improve his sales by having a child, asks Angela to have his baby. The two write up a contract and plan to have a baby together, but in "Happy Hour", Dwight hooks up with Pam's friend Isabel, and tells Angela he doesn't want her to have his baby. In "The Chump" the two call in a lawyer, and Angela refuses to release him from the contract unless he agrees to have sex with her five times. She later voids the contract after meeting Senator Robert Lipton. After she gives birth (Jury Duty), Dwight realizes the baby was conceived before her marriage to Robert and makes the assumption that he, not Robert, is the father. Angela and Dwight go through a paternity test and in "New Guys" it is revealed that Dwight is not Philip's father. In "A.A.R.M." Dwight proposes to Angela, and she accepts. She then tells Dwight that she lied before and Dwight is Philip's father. Angela tells him that she wanted to make sure that Dwight wanted to marry her for no other reason than for love.[1]