The season begins shortly after homecoming of the academic year 2009–2010. Max leaves CRU after realizing that Casey was his main reason for staying. It is revealed that Cappie intended to get Casey back at the "End of the World Party", but Evan talked him out of it. Meanwhile, Casey discovers that Rebecca and Fisher made out at the party, which eventually leads to the end of Ashleigh and Fisher's relationship. Later in the season, the two get back together. Additionally, Dale loses his virginity to his landlady Sheila (Kristen O'Meara), causing him to doubt his religious faith. Casey takes an active role as the ZBZ rep for Panhellenic, where she is forced to interact with Evan and clashes with Katherine (Nora Kirkpatrick), the Panhellenic President. Rusty struggles academically, but he gets a professor to sponsor a special project. Calvin and his roommate/fellow Omega Chi brother Grant (Gregory Michael) quietly begin a relationship. Evan discovers their romance, but he helps them keep it a secret from the rest of the Omega Chis until Grant is ready to publicly come out as being gay. Rusty and Jordan become more serious; they finally have sex, and Rusty lavalieres her. However, they eventually break up when Jordan decides to leave CRU and move to New York City to pursue photography. Casey discovers Cappie and Evan's secret friendship when she intrudes upon a secret society meeting, and the three temporarily become friends again. Dale briefly gets back together with Sheila once they reunite at a Comic Con convention. Ashleigh and Evan, as Greek Presidents, both have trouble controlling their houses. When Thanksgiving rolls around, Cappie confesses his feelings for Casey and the two finally get back together, which ruins the fragile friendship between Cappie, Casey, and Evan. Meanwhile, tension builds between Dale and Rusty when they compete for an academic grant, which Rusty ultimately wins. Rusty discovers that his nerdy classmate Dana (Martha MacIsaac) has a crush on him, but he blows his chance by acting too cocky and she refuses to go out with him. Later, she becomes his lab assistant. Cappie and Evan decide to bring their houses together for a major campus prank, but Evan betrays Cappie because he resents Cappie's relationship with Casey and hopes to regain control of his Omega Chi brothers. As a result of the prank, three Kappa Taus, including Wade (Derek Mio), are expelled. Evan seeks comfort from Rebecca after he and Cappie end their friendship, which sparks a relationship between them. After the drama with IKI, ZBZ is knocked down to being the fourth-best sorority, with Gamma Psi taking first. After the ZBZs suspiciously lose a Songfest competition, the ZBZ girls decide to investigate the Gamma Psi house for evidence of cheating. Rebecca accidentally leaves a candle burning, causing the Gamma Psi house to burn down. Although ZBZ tries to keep it a secret, Casey eventually breaks down and tells Katherine what happened, after finding out that Natalie, the Gamma Psi President, slept with one of the Songfest judges. The confession ends her new friendship with Katherine, but Casey gets a position on the Panhellenic Board as Vice-President Judicial ('VPJ'), inspiring Casey to seriously consider law school and a future in politics. Ashleigh discovers that Fisher cheated on her again, so they break up for good, and Dale is hired as the new ZBZ hasher. Rusty briefly dates Katherine, and she asks him to take her virginity, but Rusty turns her down and eventually breaks up with her in order to pursue a relationship with his lab assistant, Dana. Grant and Calvin also break up because Grant wants to experience what being single is like. Rebecca and Evan begin to get more serious, and he gives her an expensive necklace. When Calvin hints that Evan sees a future for them, Rebecca freaks out and sleeps with Beaver. During Mardi Gras, Evan sees Rebecca kiss another guy at a bar, and they break up. Rebecca introduces Casey to Joel (Samuel Page), who works in politics, and Casey begins to get some political experience and prepare for law school. After she takes the LSAT, Joel tries to kiss her, but she rebuffs him and says that she has a boyfriend. Casey begins to question her relationship with Cappie because he refuses to talk about the future and wants to stay at CRU forever, while Casey is starting to think seriously about the future. In the final episode of the season, Cappie breaks up with Casey for not having enough faith in their relationship.