In 2014, Nathan sublets Maxie Jones's (Kirsten Storms) apartment.[1] Detective West convinces Anna Devane (Finola Hughes) to hire him so he can follow up his investigation into his sister's attempted murder as he suspects her husband Dr. Silas Clay (Michael Easton) is responsible. Silas shifts blame onto his ex-lover Ava Jerome (Maura West). The investigation hits a snag when a witness ends up dead and Nathan's mother Madeline Reeves (Donna Mills) claims that Nina has died after Silas has relinquished his rights to Nina's vast estate.[2] Nathan is shocked when Madeline falls into the trap to catch the killer and confesses that she drugged Nina to kill her unborn child. Nathan later clashes with Maxie's manipulative boyfriend Levi Dunkleman (Zachary Garred) whom he blames for Maxie rejecting her daughter and narrowly avoids a one-night stand with his half-sister Britt Westbourne (Kelly Thiebaud) and meets his biological mother, Madeline's estranged sister Liesl Obrecht (Kathleen Gati). Nathan is shocked when Madeline reveals Nina is alive as she is carted off to prison.[3][4] Nathan covers for Maxie during her custody hearing to the sway the judge in her favor as he shares a happy reunion with Nina (Michelle Stafford). When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter, Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge upsetting Maxie. Nathan and Maxie end up handcuffed together on July 4 after he arrest her for trespassing on private property.[5] Levi later frames Nathan for tipping off immigration about Levi's expired visa leading to Maxie throwing Nathan out of the apartment.[6] As Maxie is set to marry Levi, Nathan discovers Levi has stolen a family heirloom from Maxie's mother Felicia Jones (Kristina Wagner). With the help of his partner Dante Falconeri (Dominic Zamprogna), Nathan crashes the wedding only for Levi to escape with Maxie and her best friend and Dante's wife Lulu (Emme Rylan) at gun point.[5][7] Levi is revealed to be the son of Felicia's jilted ex-lover Peter Harrell (David Gautreaux) and when goes to rescue the girls, Nathan is kidnapped by Victor Cassadine (Thaao Penghlis). Nathan is about to kill Victor himself until Liesl claims they are father and son. Victor helps Nathan rescue Maxie Levi and Peter and after Maxie kills Levi to save Nathan, they share their first kiss as the clinic goes up in flames killing Victor, Levi and his father. Nathan and Maxie's first date is interrupted by Judge Walters (William Allen Young) who forbids them from seeing one another in order for Maxie to get visitation with her daughter Georgie. Nathan is shot on the job and Maxie rushes to his side which leads to Judge Walters denying her visitation rights. Nathan comforts a devastated Maxie and arranges for Monica Quartermaine (Leslie Charleson) to appeal to Walters on Maxie's behalf. Maxie visits with Georgie in Portland and reunites with Nathan on New Year's Eve—the anniversary of their first meeting and they make love for the first time.[8]