People in the United States work among the longest hours per week in the industrialized world, and have the least annual leave.[135] The Universal Declaration of Human Rights of 1948 article 24 states: "Everyone has the right to rest and leisure, including reasonable limitation of working hours and periodic holidays with pay."[136] However, there is no general federal or state legislation requiring paid annual leave. Title 5 of the United States Code ยง6103 specifies ten public holidays for federal government employees, and provides that holidays will be paid.[137] Many states do the same, however, no state law requires private sector employers to provide paid holidays. Many private employers follow the norms of federal and state government, but the right to annual leave, if any, will depend upon collective agreements and individual employment contracts. State law proposals have been made to introduce paid annual leave. A 2014 Washington Bill from United States House of Representatives member Gael Tarleton would have required a minimum of 3 weeks of paid holidays each year to employees in businesses of over 20 staff, after 3 years work. Under the International Labour Organization Holidays with Pay Convention 1970[138] three weeks is the bare minimum. The Bill did not receive enough votes.[139] By contrast, employees in all European Union countries have the right to at least 4 weeks (i.e. 28 days) of paid annual leave each year.[140] Furthermore, there is no federal or state law on limits to the length of the working week. Instead, the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 ยง207 creates a financial disincentive to longer working hours. Under the heading "Maximum hours", ยง207 states that time and a half pay must be given to employees working more than 40 hours in a week.[141] It does not, however, set an actual limit, and there are at least 30 exceptions for categories of employee which do not receive overtime pay.[142] Shorter working time was one of the labor movement's original demands. From the first decades of the 20th century, collective bargaining produced the practice of having, and the word for, a two-day "weekend".[143] State legislation to limit working time was, however, suppressed by the US Supreme Court in Lochner v New York.[144] The New York State Legislature had passed the Bakeshop Act of 1895, which limited work in bakeries to 10 hours a day or 60 hours a week, to improve health, safety and people's living conditions. After being prosecuted for making his staff work longer in his Utica, Mr Lochner claimed that the law violated the Fourteenth Amendment on "due process". Despite the dissent of four judges, a majority of five judges held that the law was unconstitutional. The whole Lochner era of jurisprudence was reversed by the US Supreme Court in 1937,[145] but experimentation to improve working time rights, and "work-life balance" has not yet recovered.