Tyrion Lannister (season 1–present) portrayed by Peter Dinklage. Nicknamed "The Imp" or "Halfman", Tyrion Lannister of House Lannister is the younger brother of Cersei and Jaime Lannister. He is a dwarf; and his mother died during his birth, for which his father, Tywin Lannister, blames him. While not physically powerful, Tyrion has a cunning mind and often uses to his advantage the fact that others constantly underestimate him. In Season Three, Tyrion is given the job of Master of Coin, a role that he is unprepared and inexperienced for. Tyrion is commanded by his father to marry Sansa Stark; however, on the wedding night, Tyrion refuses to consummate his marriage and instead lets Sansa sleep alone, promising not to touch her unless she wanted him to. The death of her brother Robb, in which Tyrion took no part, causes a further rift between the couple and between Tyrion and his father, who he claims can't distinguish between his interests and his often-praised ideal of devotion to family. Tywin bitterly claims that he had wanted to drown Tyrion upon birth, but stayed himself for the sake of duty. In season 4, Tyrion welcomes Prince Oberyn Martell of Dorne to King's Landing for Joffrey's wedding to Margaery Tyrell, though Oberyn implies to Tyrion that his true purpose is to seek vengeance for his sister, who was murdered by Ser Gregor Clegane on Tywin's orders. When Joffrey is fatally poisoned, Tyrion is framed and arrested. Tyrion, however, implies that Cersei knows of his innocence and just wants him dead. At Tyrion's trial, he demands a trial by combat. Tyrion is approached by Oberyn, who volunteers to be his champion in order to fight Cersei's champion, Ser Gregor Clegane. When Oberyn loses the fight and is killed, Tyrion is sentenced to death. Jaime, however, frees Tyrion and arranges for him to escape King's Landing. Tyrion goes to confront Tywin in his chambers but finds Shae, who testified against him and is now Tywin's lover. After a brief struggle, Tyrion strangles Shae to death, and Tyrion shoots Tywin to death with Joffrey's crossbow. Tyrion is then placed in a crate and smuggled off to Essos with help from Varys. They arrive in Pentos, where Varys manages to convince Tyrion to travel with him to Meereen and aid Daenerys Targaryen in retaking the Iron Throne. Tyrion is bound and gagged by Jorah Mormont, who says that he will take him to Daenerys. Daenerys takes them both to her home in the Great Pyramid of Meereen and asks Tyrion why he is here. Tyrion tells her everything, including Varys' plan. He initially counsels her to stay in Meereen, but Daenerys makes it plain to him that her eyes are still on Westeros. Tyrion tells Daenerys how hard it will be to win the love of both the common people and the nobles. He later joins her at the opening celebrations of Daznak's Pit, where Jorah unexpectedly reappears to defeat every other foe on the arena. As the Sons of the Harpy attack, Tyrion manages to survive by fleeing to the midst of the arena, where they are rescued by Drogon, while Daenerys is spirited away on his back. In season 6, Tyrion struggles to maintain peace in Meereen, particularly when the Sons of the Harpy burn the entire Meereenese Navy, stranding them in Slaver's Bay. Following an alliance with Theon and Yara Greyjoy, Tyrion advises Daenerys to break up with Daario so that she may pursue a marriage alliance in Westeros. In gratitude for Tyrion's loyalty, Daenerys names him her official Hand, and he accompanies her back to Westeros. In season 7 Tyrion's advice to Daenerys often conflicts with her views, and he has mixed success in directing her actions. He sneaks into King's Landing and meets with Jamie to set up a meeting between Cersei and Daenerys, which eventually happens in the Dragonpit outside the city. At the meeting a captured wight is produced to convince Cersei that the worst threat is from beyond the Wall. When Cersei is not convinced, Tyrion risks execution to meet with his sister to try again to persuade her. He is unexpectedly allowed to leave Cersei's presence alive, and thinks he has secured an agreement from her to help with the fight against the Wight Walkers.