Artist Nola Darling's romantic life in gentrified Brooklyn is characterized by sexual freedom as she juggles three open-relationships with married Jamie, care-free Mars, and cocky Greer. She takes jobs, such as being a dog walker, to be able to pay for her apartment in Brooklyn. She also spends time with friends Clorinda Bradford, who previously dated Mars, Shemeka, and Rachel for her born-day. Later on, we then see Jamie in his office trying to call Nola while she happens to be sleeping with Mars. After they finish, Mars asks her if he as good in bed as her other lovers and states that she has a lot of space under her bed for all of his Air Jordans, implying that he wants their relationship to progress. He also states that he would like to buy Nola a brownstone so she would no longer have to rent. Nola then spends time with Greer, who is a photographer. He asks her if she is her only sex buddy and calls her a sex addict. She responds by stating "I'm a grown-ass woman. I can't enjoy sex?" [16] They have a back-and-forth where Nola asks if she should quit Greer cold turkey if she is indeed an addict. He then asks her to meet him in the shower. Later, Jamie and Nola discuss the structure of their relationship. He leaves upset when Nola brings up his complicated home life. Next, Nola and Clorinda meet to smoke weed and talk about how Nola broke the girl code by getting with Mars. Clorinda questions if Nola has thought about slowing down sexually and if it gets confusing juggling all of her lovers. As she is walking home that night, she is grabbed by a man trying to make advances towards her. She breaks free and runs home where she again smokes marijuana to calm down and begins to cry. Nola then gives a monologue about Akira Kurosawa's 1950's film Rashomon. She states that she has a Rashomon-like effect on her lovers, as they all view her differently. She proclaims that she will not allow Jamie, Greer, and Mars to paint who she is and that she has to look within herself for happiness. She states that if the three men want to continue on within relationships with her, it is going to be on her own terms. Finally, she states that she is not a freak, sex addict or anybody's property. Next, Nola is seen installing an art exhibit inspired by her recent attack. She puts up posters with various sayings such as "My name isn't dimepiece," as well as a photograph of a woman with an afro. The episode ends with Nola stating "My name is Nola Darling. Peace, two fingers. #BlackLivesMatter."