After finding out about Quinn's involvement in Ridge's disappearance and feared death, Hope chooses Liam and they become engaged. Quinn becomes outraged when Hope ends things with Wyatt, and threatens both Liam and Hope's lives. When Quinn tries to kill Liam once and for all, Wyatt and Deacon Sharpe save him. Wyatt declares his support for Liam and Hope's relationship. Because of this, Liam and Hope decide to rehire Wyatt at Forrester Creations. Wyatt inherits the Hope for the Future Diamond after Ricardo Montemayor dies. He gifts it to Hope, which causes friction between Liam and Hope, and the two brothers. When Liam demands Hope give it back to Wyatt, Hope refuses, and publicly declares at a press conference that she is keeping the diamond. Wyatt and Rick decide to take Hope and the diamond on a promotion tour, starting with a photo shoot in Paris. Hope asks Liam to come with her, or meet her there to marry her. But Liam, still angry, does not know if he will go. Hope tells him to meet her at 3pm the next day after the photo shoot if he wants to continue their relationship. Wyatt begs Hope not to marry Liam, though she insists that she and Liam belong together. Liam misses his deadline with Hope, who then leaves with Wyatt on the Spencer jet. Wyatt takes her to Bill's yacht in Monte Carlo, where he insists that Liam wasted all of his chances with Hope, but that he will always be there for her. Wyatt proposes to Hope using the HFTF diamond, and Hope accepts and marries Wyatt. She realizes Wyatt is the man she had wanted the whole time, and that a life with Liam was just a fantasy for her. Although Liam revealed that he was indeed at Paris at the time she left, she remained positive on making her commitment to Wyatt. However, about a month later, Hope gets an urgent call from Liam. She finds out that Quinn orchestrated her and Wyatt's marriage by pushing Ivy off the Seine causing Liam to miss his chance to be with Hope. After confronting Quinn for her role and Wyatt for defending his mother, though she also feel sympathy for him, she was determined to leave Wyatt to be with Liam again until she announced that she is pregnant with Wyatt's child. She explains that she doesn't want her child to grow up with multiple fathers and have a complicated relationship like she did. She ended things with Liam for good and wants to rekindle her marriage to Wyatt now with the baby on the way. This is all changed when she suffers a miscarriage, and tells Liam that she will always love him. Hope visits Brooke in Milan, Italy, and does not return to L.A. with Brooke.