Carla accompanies Hayley to hospital for a scan, where she is diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. Throughout Hayley's illness, she confides in Carla, who becomes protective of her. Carla and Anna Windass (Debbie Rush) find Hayley deceased on her bed with her husband, Roy Cropper (David Neilson). Carla then supports Roy as he grieves for Hayley, and is shocked to learn that Hayley committed suicide. Roy and Carla subsequently become good friends. Carla and Peter hire Tina McIntyre (Michelle Keegan) as a babysitter for Simon. Carla and Peter get married in December 2013, just as Rob discovers that Peter is having an affair with Tina. Tina tries to persuade Peter to leave Weatherfield with her. He agrees, although feels conflicted, wanting to remain with Weatherfield with Carla. During an argument with Rob and Tracy in The Rovers, Carla announces that she is pregnant just as Tina arrives to collect Peter. Tina storms out, swiftly followed by Peter. They have an almighty argument, ending in Tina scratching Peter across his face. Peter leaves, as Rob visits Tina and attacks her, telling her not to tell Carla about her affair with Peter. Unknown to Rob, Peter tells Carla about the affair. Tina tries to escape Rob, leading to the balcony of the building yard. A scuffle ensues and as Rob pushes Tina; she loses her balance and falls from the balcony, plummeting onto the cobbles below. Rob thinks Tina is dead and leaves the flat, before hearing Tina's groans and realises she is still alive. When Tina reveals that she will lie to the police that Rob intentionally tried to kill her, Rob picks up a metal pipe and brutally beats Tina. Meanwhile, Carla is furious about Peter's affair and storms out into a busy pub, shouting that she wants to "kill" Tina. She is restrained by Michelle, but eventually leaves the pub. Carla goes to Tina's flat and finds her seriously injured at the bottom of the balcony, and is seen by Leanne and Kal Nazir (Jimi Mistry), and soon finds herself prime suspect. She is arrested due to her fingerprints being on the weapon but later released without charge. At first, it is an assault investigation, but when Tina later dies from her injuries in hospital, it turns into a murder investigation. Carla confides in Roy repeatedly and slaps Peter when he tries to talk to her. She later collapses in the street when Rob and Peter are fighting. She is rushed to hospital, where she is told that she has suffered a miscarriage. Carla struggles to cope with her miscarriage and gets drunk to drown her sorrows. When Rob confesses to Tina's murder to Carla, she fights with him and ultimately chooses to tell the police; Rob is arrested and charged with Tina's murder. From this, Carla begins an intense feud with Tracy.