Delia Finkel died in August 1921, shortly after the Walla Walla Bulletin article was published, and in 1926 Frank married his second wife, Hermie. Frank Finkel died at age 76 on August 28, 1930.[2] In 2013, a photograph described as "August Finckle" was published first in the "Battlefield Dispatch," a membership-circulation publication for Custer enthusiasts, and then in the December 2013 issue of "Wild West," a professionally edited general-circulation magazine of the Weider History Group. The photograph, described as "Sergeant August Finckle" of the Seventh Cavalry in an 1874 cavalry blouse, was widely identified as a photograph of Frank Finkel of Ohio taken 10 years before the familiar Frank Finkel portrait photograph taken around 1886. The hair color and hairline differed due to age, but every facial feature was identical, as were several mannerisms, including the shirt collar flipped up on the right side inside the coat collar, according to Mike Roncallo, a portrait photographer with NJ Press credentials, Sylvia Groen, a portrait painter, Police Chief Benjamin Fox of Wyckoff, NJ, and Jacques Harlow, a professional engineer with a degree from Dartmouth and a Fulbright Scholar with ID training from NYU. The owner of the photograph was a friend of Frank Finckle, fellow soldier and mentions burying Frank Finckle in the same Dispatch article. Four men claimed to identify Finckle and his horse, both dead on Finley Finckle Ridge. They do not name parts of battlefields for missing soldiers. Conversely, Finckle's best friend, Charles Windolph, rode down from Reno Hill expressly to find Finckle's body and give him a decent burial and could not find the body. "I tried to find the body of my German friend, Trooper Finkle, the tallest man in the regiment, But I could not identify him," Windolph, a Medal of Honor recipient and the last living soldier survivor of the battle, said in "I Fought With Custer." Windolph's daughter told Dr. Arthur Kannenberg "After the battle Daddy says he looked everywhere for him as he was like a brother to him -- but the bodies were so disfigured that he was unable to find him." Dr. Kannenberg showed Windolph a photograph of Frank Finkel as an old man of 66 but Windolph, who was almost blind by that time, could not say whether the photograph resembled Sergeant August Finckle or not. None of the people who claimed to have buried Finckle ever gave a detailed description of how they might have recognized his body. The final report of the primary source, Sergeant Daniel Kanipe, was described as full of inaccuracies by Col. W.A. Graham in "The Custer Myth." Kanipe also described 60, 70, or 75 dead Indians when the Indians reported losing only 26 warriors and listed them by name. Kanipe said General Custer was shot once when every other witness said Custer was shot twice. Kanipe failed to identify his own company commander, Tom Custer, who had been beaten to a pulp. Kanipe apparently identified the body of "Finckle" for Lt. Edward Godfrey, who did not appear to know Finckle by sight. Sergeant Samuel Alcott was not present at the actual battle and describes the burial he attended as taking place on a "barren plain" when it was actually on a hillside. The article in "Battlefield Dispatch" also stated that native-born German speakers reported having trouble understanding "Sergeant Finckle's" German pronunciation. Author Koster said that this was because Frank Finkel grew up in Ohio, had never lived in Germany, and had learned the Alemannic Bavarian dialect from his immigrant parents.[4]