Scott Hudson enters J.P. Zenger High as a freshman, along with his three best friends, Mitch, Patrick, and Kyle, and quickly realizes that it is very different from middle school. Upperclassmen are intimidating and will steal any lunch money along with loose change if you stand in the wrong place. Scott gets put in advanced classes, including an Honors English class which, despite the amount of homework, is his favorite class. His teacher, Mr. Franka, becomes a mentor to him. Scott finds out that he's not in classes with his friends since he's carrying all honors and college prep classes. He tries his best from the very start to get the attention of Julia Baskins, a girl who was in his kindergarten class and has recently become very beautiful over the summer. Because of her beauty she quickly blends in with the popular girls and is attracted to the football players who are often bullying Scott. Scott is also connected to another classmate named Louden, who is better known as Mouth. Scott tries every attempt to get Julia's attention such as joining the school paper, because he thinks that she is part of the staff, only to discover that she has written only a single column for the paper. He then runs for student council, after finding out that Julia is also running as well, and wins a seat, only to find out that she has not won. Because of this, Scott resigns from his position on the student council. It turns out that a lot of other members also resigned including the president meaning Julia who happened to have the 2nd most amount of votes is now president. He also auditions for the school play and is selected as a member of the crew, thinking that Julia is also auditioning for the play. However, Julia has not been selected as a member of the cast or crew. Soon, a new girl named Lee arrives at school, who wears face pins and weird clothes, and has wildly colored hair. Both soon realize that they share the same interests, but he can't get past his crush on Julia. Scott suddenly has another "friend" named Wesley, a high school senior. Though they share some interests, they have little in common. Then to put the cherry on top of all this excitement going on in his life, his mother announces that she is pregnant. He copes with all of this by creating a tip book for his soon-to-be baby sibling to help him, or her, survive high school when they get to it. In his entries to the baby, he often shows disdain by using degrading terms to talk to it such as "Smelly" or "Blob of unformed goo". But he writes it to be a good older brother to this new baby since Scott's own brother was never very present. As time goes by, Scott tries to find his place, but he starts to lose his best friends. Mitch finds a girlfriend and soon forgets the group, Patrick moves to Texas, then to Japan, and Kyle joins the wrestling team and soon puts Scott down for having a crush on Julia. Soon, Julia's boyfriend Vernon beats up Scott after finding out from Kyle (who lost a fight with Scott) that Scott has a crush on his girlfriend. Scott realizes that what a person says and does can affect the life of another after Mouth attempts to commit suicide. Later, he learns that not everything is what it seems once he finds out that his older brother, Bobby, who is struggling to find a job, can barely read. Scott's mother eventually gives birth to a new baby boy, whom they name Sean. Meanwhile, Bobby finds a job through guitar-playing and Julia eventually starts dating a nicer guy, though she is now close to Scott enough to give him a kiss on the cheek.