Disaster struck on the first drive for the Dolphins. After being forced to punt, Brandon Fields fumbled the punt at the Patriots 8, he managed to make it to the 12, but no further, setting the Patriots up wonderfully. After a 10-yard penalty against, the Patriots scored four plays later with Ridley running in a 4-yard touchdown. After a Dolphins three-and-out, the Patriots drove to the Dolphins 31, but Gostkowski missed a 49-yard field goal wide right. Tom Brady was intercepted on the third play of the Patriots next drive by Reshad Jones. Six plays later, Dan Carpenter got the Dolphins on the board with a 44-yard field goal. Aided by a 29-yard return on the ensuing kickoff, the Patriots put together a 13 play, 75-yard drive in just under six minutes, scoring on a 7-yard touchdown pass to Welker, increasing the lead to 14-3. On the third play of the Dolphins next drive, after narrowly avoiding losing a fumble on the previous play, Ryan Tannehill was strip-sacked by Trevor Scott with Wilfork recovering at the Dolphins 25. The Patriots didn't gain a single yard, but Gostkowski was good on a 43-yard field goal, increasing the lead to 17-3. The Dolphins countered, marching 80 yards in 12 plays, scoring on a 2-yard touchdown run by Tannehill, making the score 17-10 Patriots at halftime. After most of the third quarter were punts, the Patriots took over late in the third, driving to the Dolphins 7, but a 7-yard sack by Koa Misi forced the Patriots to settle for a 32-yard field goal by Gostkowski, increasing the lead to 20-10 early in the fourth quarter. The Dolphins responded, driving all the way to the Patriots 7, but on 3rd-and-4, Mayo sacked Tannehill for an 8-yard loss, forcing them to settle for a 33-yard Carpenter field goal, trimming the deficit to 20-13. The Patriots answered the Dolphins field goal with one of their own, driving all the way to the Dolphins 2, with Gostkowski pushing the score back to two scores 23-13. The Dolphins drove to the Patriots 24 on their next drive, with Carpenter giving the Dolphins a chance with a 42-yard field goal, making the score 23-16. The Patriots dashed the Dolphins hopes with Lloyd recovering the onside kick and Brady taking a knee to seal the win.