Kindly Dr. Westphall was Director of Medicine at St. Eligius, the hospital that served as St. Elsewhere's setting, and was regarded as its heart, who was one of the two principal characters of the series. He was the one other characters went to for a kindly word and a pat on the back. Dr. Westphall started his association with the hospital as a troubled youth under the influence of hospital founder Fr. Joseph McCabe (Edward Herrmann). Raising two children alone after the death of his wife Maureen from an auto accident, which occurred seven years before the series began (a death recounted in flashback in the 2-part season 4 episode "Time Heals"), Westphall struggled to keep up with the demands his colleagues, staff and residents placed on him, while still trying to be a good father. He initially resigned in 1985 and travelled to Africa to do some volunteer work. However, upon his return from Africa, he was brought back as Director of Medicine. During his second stint, Westphall became noticeably more demanding on the residents and the hospital board. He pushed for residents to complete community service and asked for funds to open up a new hospital ward that would feed the hungry. Once again feeling burnt out and being pressured by the new hospital owners, Dr. Westphall quit his job and left the hospital 3 episodes into Season 6. His delivery of his resignation (in which he told John Gideon, "You can kiss my ass, pal") is one of the most famous and controversial scenes in American television, as it shows Westphall with his pants down and his rump exposed. The scene was preserved by NBC censors as it was not considered erotic (the episode was titled "A Moon for the Misbegotten").[1] Westphall would make recurring appearances during that 6th and final season, including the series finale in which he was asked to take charge of St. Eligius again; he also appears in that episode's famous final scene, which suggested that the entire world of St. Elsewhere was, in fact, just the product of his autistic son Tommy's imagination.