Setting up Sherry Stringfield's departure from the series in Season 3, the beginnings of a romance appears to develop between Susan and Mark, or more to the point, they are shown to have problems identifying their current relationship as friendship. Both seem timid and cautious around each other. Initially more upfront about the situation, Susan invites Mark to join her on holiday in Maui, Hawaii, but is embarrassed when he appears hesitant, and later retracts the offer, feeling she overstepped a boundary. Fearful that he may have missed his chance with Susan, Mark attempts to convey his attraction towards her upon her return, though he cannot find the courage to follow through and is left perplexed by Susan's reticence. It transpires that Susan never actually made it to Maui, she instead visited her sister and "little Susie" in Phoenix as she could not overcome her fear of flying. Mark helps her overcome this fear in the following episode ("Fear of Flying"), supporting her during a helicopter flight rotation where they are called upon to treat victims of a serious motor accident. As they grow closer, Mark finally plucks up the courage to casually ask Susan out, however she declines, telling him that they "need to talk". Shortly after, Mark witnesses Susan in numerous secret talks with the ER's chief of emergency medicine, David Morgenstern, and concludes that they are seeing each other. He confronts Susan, but she reveals that Morgenstern was merely helping her to transfer her residency. Desperately missing her niece, Susan had made the decision to move to Phoenix to be near her sister's family. During a hectic last day for Susan at County's ER, Mark struggles with her imminent departure, but still finds himself afraid to admit his true feelings for her. The hospital staff arrange a leaving party for Susan, but it is canceled due to an influx of critical patients from a motoring accident. Susan leaves the hospital unable to say goodbye to Mark, who was busy working on a trauma patient. She departs the season on a train in the episode 'Union Station', discovering Mark's true feelings for her as he catches her before she gets aboard, pleading with her to stay because he loves her. Despite Mark laying his heart on the line, Susan doesn't see a future in Chicago or with him. She kisses him and says "I love you, too" as the train departs.