As the teams returned to Washington for the deciding Game 5, the Cubs sent Game 1 starter Kyle Hendricks to the mound while the Nationals started Gio González. The Cubs started the scoring in the first as Jon Jay led off the game with a double and scored on an Anthony Rizzo groundout. The Cubs then loaded the bases with two outs in the first, but Jason Heyward grounded out to end the threat. In the second inning, Daniel Murphy homered and Michael Turner hit a three-run homer to put the Nationals up 4–1. González continued to struggle in the third as Kris Bryant doubled and Willson Contreras and Albert Almora Jr. walked to the load the bases. Addison Russell drove in his first run of the night on a groundout and Contreras scored on a wild pitch to narrow the lead to 4–3. Heyward would again end the threat by striking out. The Nationals went to the pen in the fourth and in the fifth brought in starter Max Scherzer.[397] After Bryant and Rizzo were retired by Scherzer, seven straight Cubs batters reached base, scoring four runs, two on a double by Russell, to give the Cubs the lead 7–4. The Cubs added to their lead in the sixth as Russell doubled in Ben Zobrist on a fly ball that was misplayed by Jayson Werth. The Cubs went to the bullpen in the bottom of the fifth and in the sixth the Nationals added two runs on a wild pitch by Mike Montgomery which scored a run and a double by Murphy. Leading 8–6 in the seventh, the Cubs added another run when Kyle Schwarber pinch hit and doubled, scoring on a groundout by Kris Bryant. The Nationals answered in the seventh as the Cubs used Carl Edwards Jr. and José Quintana to get two outs, but a sacrifice fly by Bryce Harper narrowed the lead to 9–7.[398] Wade Davis came in for the Cubs to get a seven-out save and struck out Ryan Zimmerman to end the inning. In the eighth, Davis gave up a run-scoring single by Taylor to bring the lead to one at 9–8. Following a single by José Lobatón to put runners on first and second with two outs, Contreras picked Lobatón off of first to end the inning.[399] In the ninth, Davis set the Nationals down in order, striking out Werth and Harper to end the game and win the series for the Cubs.[400][401]