Season two features the Earth-2 version of Dr. Harrison "Harry" Wells, the father of Jesse Wells. Like Eobard, he was responsible for the creation of metahumans on Earth-2 using a particle accelerator which also exploded, including the psychopathic serial killer Hunter Zolomon as the rogue speedster Zoom. But Harry refused to take responsibility while making a profit with developing metahuman detector technology. But when Zoom kidnaps Jesse, Harry travels to Earth-1 to assist Barry in the fight against Zoom's extorted metahumans and locate Jesse. Team Flash, specifically Cisco and Joe, distrust him because of the prior betrayal by Eobard, and Harry himself is mistaken by people unaware that Eobard's actions ruined his Earth-1 doppelgänger's name and legacy. Harry also meets the Reverse-Flash's younger self, suspecting that the encounter between them is what caused Eobard's future actions towards his Earth-1 self and also leading Harry to hate Thawne. Harry is extorted by Zoom into developing a device to steal the Flash's speed for Zoom in exchange for his daughter's life, a feat that even the Reverse-Flash had failed to achieve. But Harry confesses to his collaboration with Zoom so Barry and Cisco decide to travel to Earth-2 with Harry to rescue Jesse. After their mission is complete, Harry and Jesse seek refuge on Earth-1 from Zoom's pursuit. After Barry's speed is sacrificed to Zoom to save Wally West, Harry recreates a miniature particle accelerator to help Barry regain these powers based on Eobard's plans. Although the accelerator explosion causes Barry to disappear, and its dark matter affects both Wally and Jesse, Harry eventually locates Barry at the Speed Force; he is able to bring Barry back with Cisco and Iris West's help, and Barry wakes Jesse from the coma. After Zoom's defeat, Harry and Jesse return home to Earth-2 with Jay Garrick, promising to help the Flash of Earth-3 return to his own Earth. Harry returns early in season three after Jesse is revealed to have developed super-speed as a result of the accelerator, but Harry tries to have the team talk his daughter out of pursuing heroics. After Barry and Jesse are forced to team up, Harry becomes more supportive of it. Harry and Jesse return to Earth-2 a few days later so Jesse can protect Earth-2 Central City but before leaving Harry helps the team locate his alternate counterpart from Earth-19 to substitute in his absence. Harry later despises his Earth-19 doppelgänger after discovering that he is not as intelligent as both him and their deceased Earth-1 counterpart, considering H.R. Wells as a moron. Harry helps Joe in protecting Iris after they arrive to Earth-2 to hide from Savitar, but they fail to stop him from kidnapping her. Harry respects H.R. after learning his sacrifice for Iris.