In 1993, "Tony" is reintroduced as the fiancé of Stefano's adopted daughter Kristen DiMera (Eileen Davidson). "Tony" and Kristen agree to grant their father his dying wish to see them marry before he dies despite her love for John Black (Drake Hogestyn). However, on the wedding day, Kristen leaves "Tony" at the altar to help John and Marlena find their daughter Belle. In the meantime, "Tony" befriends Billie Reed (Lisa Rinna) and helps her regain control of her cosmetics company Countess Wilhelmina when he buys 49% of Titan Industries. "Tony" and Kristen are about to marry again when John interrupts the ceremony claiming to have evidence linking Stefano to the murder of Billie's father Curtis (Nick Benedict). As Stefano tries to escape, John shoots at his car and it goes off the road. Blaming John for Stefano's death, Kristen marries "Tony" on February 18, 1994.[5] "Tony" later discovers that Stefano is alive but keeps quiet fearing Kristen will leave him. In late 1994, during a charity event at Stefano's New Orleans estate Maison Blanche, a fire breaks out and "Tony" is shocked to discover John and Marlena have been imprisoned their—Stefano is also revealed to be alive. "Tony" rushes back into the mansion to retrieve Stefano's computer which contains information about John's mysterious past and is left blind as the mansion explodes. Having learned of her husband's deception and attempts to get her pregnant by switching her birth control pills, Kristen leaves "Tony" for John. A devastated "Tony" plots to kill John only for Kristen to return to him when she learns John is a priest. "Tony" abandons his plans and eventually regains his eyesight but hides that fact hoping to catch Kristen and John in bed together. When Kristen abandons him again for John who has been relieved of his priestly vows, "Tony" discovers he has a fatal blood disease and with only a short time to live, he plots to frame John for his murder. "Tony" details his entire plan in a diary and also confides in Father Francis (Eric Christmas) who plans to tell John. However, "Tony" steals his blood pressure medication which leads to Father Francis suffering a heart attack that renders him comatose. As "Tony" attends the wedding of his adopted brother Peter Blake (Jason Brooks) and Jennifer Horton (Melissa Reeves), he manipulates John into threatening to kill him in public. "Tony" then shoots himself, and frames John.[6] John is nearly sentenced to death until Kristen and Peter's mother Rachel (Pat Delany) presents the diary clearing John's name.