Pharmacy Council of Pakistan (PCP) is the Professional Regulatory Authority for Pharmacists in Pakistan.[6] A total of 34 universities (18 Public Sector and 16 Private Universities) are registered with Pharmacy Council of Pakistan for imparting Pharm.D program, 13 Institutes for Pharmacy Technician program, and about 18 institutes have obtained NOC for starting Pharm.D program.[6] Earlier (before 2003) first pharmacy degree was a 4-years undergraduate B.Pharm (Bachelor of Pharmacy) that focused mainly on drug manufacturing and pharmaceutics but later in 2004 Higher Education Commission of Pakistan and Pharmacy Council of Pakistan collaboratively prepared the syllabus and changed B.Pharm program to Pharm.D program. Pharm.D (Doctor of Pharmacy) is an accelerated 5-year graduate-level professional degree in Pakistan. Admission requirement for Pharm.D is 12-years of schooling or HSSC (Higher Secondary School Certificate) in pre-medical subjects (Biology, Chemistry, and Physics etc.) or A-levels in similar subjects. Passing an aptitude test is mandatory for getting admission into Pharm.D program. As compared to B.Pharm, Pharm.D is a more clinical and research oriented program. A masters level research thesis/project is completed by students during final year of Pharm.D. Some pharmacy institutes have collaboration with hospitals for providing clinical clerkship during 4th & 5th Professional year. The Islamia University of Bahawalpur is one of them. In 2008, first batch completed Pharm.D program. Syllabus was revised again in 2013 by joint committee of HEC and PCP to reduce burden of students as well as enhancing core professional skills of young pharmacists. According to these guidelines upon completion of 5th professional year, a pharmacy graduate is required to undergo residency based training for a period of 1 year in any area instead of training in 4th professional year; at public or private Hospital, Pharmaceutical Industry, Community Pharmacy, Pharmaceutical Marketing, Research & Development and Public health recognized by the Pharmacy Council of Pakistan. The objective of the residency is to undergo a planned training on aspects of pharmacy practice under the supervision of a registered pharmacist. Instead of accelerated 5-years Program now Pharm.D is a 6-years program according to joint committee guidelines which were implemented from 2012-onward. First 6-year program will complete Pharm.D.