The Nogitsune holds Lydia at the abandoned Camp Oak Creek. He taunts her telling her that Stiles is dying and he is growing stronger. Lydia senses the Void Kitsune's impending death at the hands of the Oni, but he had kidnapped Lydia just for the very purpose of knowing in advance when the Oni would be close enough to him. When the demons appear, he takes Noshiko's last Tail and snaps it with the Oni so close to him that the control of the Oni is transferred from Noshiko to him. The Nogitsune then unleashes the Oni upon the group, though he and his new minions retreat after one Oni is destroyed and another succeeds in killing Allison. In the Season 3 finale episode "The Divine Move", the Nogitsune, with the Oni still under his control, enters the final stages of his plan of destruction by unleashing the demons all over Beacon Hills; with each person dying as a result of being cut by their blades. Led by Scott, the entire group make one last stand against the Void Kitsune and his forces, intent on trapping him within the triskele urn that contained Talia Hale's claws, as its wood was made from the Nemeton, the very power that kept him trapped before. When Scott, Kira, Stiles, and Lydia face off against the Nogitsune at the school, the Dark Kitsune informs them that the only way to stop the chaos is for Scott to kill Stiles (comparing the young Alpha and his best friend respectively to a kaishakunin and a samurai) in a Seppuku ritual. When Stiles feels he has no other choice, he grabs Kira's dropped katana and starts to kill himself to end the strife, but then figures out that everything that is happening around him and his friends is an illusion, which they break. The Nogitsune, angered that his "game" has been ruined by the destruction of the Oni and by Stiles' divine move, attempts to kill his host. He advances on Stiles and Lydia raging, "I'm a 1000 years old! You can't kill me!" Stiles and Lydia tell the Kitsune they can change him instead by changing the body of his host's copy. Stiles tells his foe he "can't be a Fox and a Wolf" moments before Scott Bites him, turning him and Kira stabs him with her sword. The Nogitsune loses his power, his Stiles shape which collapses and dissipates like dry clay, reverts to the form of a fly, and Isaac seals him in the triskele urn, putting an end to his threat.