Traditional dance in Zimbabwe is constantly changing.  Traditional dance must adapt to the changing times without becoming too Westernized in order for the traditional culture to remain.  The people of Zimbabwe encourage change, but they want to do it within themselves, not change through outside cultural influences.  Traditional dances must accommodate change in order to remain tradition, and continue to withstand the test of time.  The traditional purposes for many dances have changed, the reason for performing dances change, however the meaning and significance of the dances remain constant.[2] Conventionally, the people of Zimbabwe dance for important people, for example, on the tarmac at the airport at the arrival of Government officials.  Traditionally, Zimbabwean dance is not set for the concert stage.  A dance, such as a ritual of spirit possession, may last twelve hours, or even days in length.  Time is a very important aspect of these dances because the dancer must have time to enter the spirit world of possession, and re-enter the material world.  This spiritual experience is difficult to perform on a concert stage with limited time, and is often acted out, or abbreviated in concert-type settings.  These dances are preferably performed in a natural setting.[2] In neo-traditional dances, on the other hand, the contexts of the dances have changed, and are considered to be ‘traditional-like’.  The dance may carry the same importance, and even comprise the same movements, but since the context has changed, the dance is no longer considered strictly traditional.  These neo-traditional dances are wonderful keepers of history, and chroniclers of time change for this reason.  As the dances change to reflect cultural changes such as politics, weather, urbanization, and outside influences, they show the timeline of history in the culture.  This also results in a highly emotional link to the dances and events that they represent because people are relating to their everyday lives and struggles.[5]