Lucifer is the Tremaines' pet cat and the third antagonist of the franchise. Tonally, his existence can be justified to provide a sinister and scheming opposing counterpart to Cinderella's loyal and good-natured pet dog Bruno as well as the birds and mice who are supportive and loving friends and allies of Cinderella. He has black fur and is depicted as a sly, wicked, and manipulative mouse consumer. In a particularly conniving scene in the beginning of the original film, Lucifer tries to rid the château's pet dog Bruno outside of the kitchen Lucifer is consuming his breakfast bowl of milk in, by scratching him painfully and slyly while Cinderella's back is momentarily turned away. Bruno then growls loudly and threateningly out of infuriation and pain, and Lucifer lets out a benign and exaggerated fake shriek of pain, as if Bruno scratched him. Cinderella hears Lucifer's whining fake screech and blames Bruno, bitterly scolding him to go outside and to stop misbehaving, reasoning "we have to at least try, to get along together". Back inside the kitchen, Lucifer wears a mischievous grin of wicked satisfaction, lazily licking his milk bowl, while Cinderella reprimands him with scorn and annoyance "and that includes you too, your majesty!". He becomes very focused on catching the mice when provoked, but his attempts to catch them always end in a comical failure. First, in the first movie, that also the main antagonist, Jaq bravely makes a distraction to lure Lucifer away from the other mice's path to getting their breakfast. While returning with the mice, Gus struggles with carrying his load and easily grabs Lucifer's attention. Fortunately, and unexpectedly, Cinderella enters the room and accidentally takes Gus away on her breakfast serving platters for Lady Tremaine and her daughters. Tremaine's youngest daughter, Anastasia, is the dubious recipient of Gus, for the teacup he was hiding under was the one Cinderella served her. Lucifer knowingly puts his ear against all three of their closed doors to decipher Gus' location, and races over in delight to Anastasia's once he hears her scream of horror upon discovering the poor, frightened little mouse in her tea. Anastasia continues to scream wildly upon hastily accusing Cinderella of the perceived sabotage, and in severe distress and anguish, immediately notifies her mother, inciting an enormous frenzy, whereupon Cinderella is summoned to her stepmother's bedroom for a private talk. Lucifer slips into the room as well for a brief grooming by his malevolent owner, before she reprimands her stepdaughter with frigid ferocity. At the conclusion of this degrading and abusive private talk, after sadistically rattling off an inordinately long list of chores that Lady Tremaine is forcing Cinderella to complete, in a moment of amusing comical tongue-in-cheek, the wicked stepmother muses "and one more thing: see that Lucifer gets his bath" at which the ears of the evil feline shoot straight up in horror, and he snarls at his owners quarrelsome request with repugnant disdain, which suggests that he dislikes baths or prefers to remain filthy.