She spends all of Valentine's Day playing sexual role-playing games with Julian, and at the end of the night, he tells her that they should start looking into adopting a child, which Brooke is ecstatic about. The couple goes to an adoption agency and are interviewed by a 19-year-old mother-to-be named Chloe Hall, who's giving her baby up for adoption. Brooke makes her and Julian seem like the perfect couple, and Chloe believes this until she goes to Brooke's house to speak with her and walks into Haley's baby shower, where she hears a little more than she bargained for, such as Victoria's prison time and Brooke losing her company. Despite all of this, she ultimately decides to give her baby to Brooke and Julian when it's born. Chloe informs them that the baby will be coming sooner than expected, causing Brooke to begin trying to get the baby's room together. Chloe talks to Brooke as she's painting the room and tells her about the baby's father and why she chose to give the baby up for adoption, and soon after she leaves to go home, they get a call from the hospital that Chloe has gone into labor and the baby is coming tonight. Brooke and Julian rush to the hospital to be with Chloe for the delivery of their new baby, during which time Chloe says that she would probably be a great mother, she just doesn't want to raise the baby alone. However, Brooke and Julian are shocked when Chloe's boyfriend Eric, the father of her baby, shows up at the hospital and Chloe ends up deciding to keep the baby now that she can raise the little girl with her boyfriend, not alone, leaving Brooke crushed, especially because Chloe had a little baby girl, which is exactly what Brooke wanted. While dealing with the emotional aftermath of the adoption falling through, she receives a job offer from Clothes Over Bros to move to New York and return to the company to design. She discusses this with Victoria, who thinks it's a great idea that she should not turn down, and after Julian tells her he thinks it's a great idea as well, she decides to take the job. However, she later decides to turn down the job after she finds out shockingly enough that she's pregnant, which she finds out after Chase asks Alex to take a drug test for him as he's trying to enter the Air Force but smoked weed during the Kid Cudi show and could not take it, and when he gets a call from the lab saying the person who gave the sample is pregnant, he tells Alex she's pregnant as he thought she took the test but it is revealed that Alex wouldn't have been able to pass the test either as she ate pot brownies that Quinn made so she went to ask Julian to take the test but Brooke took it instead, meaning the person pregnant isn't Alex but actually Brooke. Quinn gets a photoshoot offer for B. Davis magazine to shoot a model in Puerto Rico and she invites Alex, Brooke, and Lauren to go with her. During the trip, Brooke tries to hide her pregnancy from Quinn and Lauren (with Alex already knowing about it because of the drug test) as she and Julian decided they didn't want to tell anybody as it's too early, but Quinn eventually figures it out when Brooke makes it obvious by not eating sushi and throwing all of her alcohol shots over her shoulder to avoid drinking them. When she returns to Tree Hill, she finds that Haley has decided to turn Brooke's former store back into Karen's Cafe now that she's moving to New York, causing Brooke to finally tell Haley that she turned down the job and is staying in Tree Hill because she's pregnant, and instead offers to be Haley's partner so they can open the cafe together.