During the events of BioShock, while in the Medical Pavilion, Jack approaches a lounge in the Surgery wing and sees a Big Daddy being killed by Splicers and thrown through a window. This Big Daddy was protecting a Little Sister, which now is left alone with the remaining Splicer. Just as the Splicer is about to strike the Little Sister, Tenenbaum emerges and shoots him. Tenenbaum warns Jack not to hurt her, while Atlas encourages him to harvest the Sister to get ADAM. When Tenenbaum question Jack's morality, Atlas accuses her of hypocrisy, as she's the one that turned the girls into Little Sister. While Atlas tries to convince Jack that they are not children anymore, Tenenbaum presents an alternative; A Plasmid that would remove the Sea Slug from the girls. The following events gives the player a choice of harvesting the Little Sisters or saving them with Tenenbaum's Plasmid.[9] From this point on, Tenenbaum's perception of Jack is up to the player. If Jack saves the Sisters, Tenenbaum will show her gratitude to him by providing an ADAM gift for him after every third Sister he saves and an overall good attitude towards him. If Jack harvests the Sisters, he will not be granted gifts and she will express her anger towards him. After the Andrew Ryan confrontation and revival of Atlas true identity in Hephaestus, Tenenbaum sends Little Sisters to save Jack from the hands of Fontaine, by leading him into a vent, in where Jack falls and blacks out.[10] Jack wakes up in Tenenbaum's safehouse and she has undone the Would you Kindly mind control condition on him. Tenenbaum can be seen behind glass in an office in the safehouse, smoking and explaining to Jack what has occurred and what he should do next.[11] After this, she serves as Jack's guide throughout the final third of the game and provides the narration during the final scene (which is effected by Jack's choice to save or harvest the Sisters). Sometime after the events of the first game, Tenenbaum leaves Rapture with an undisclosed amount of Little Sisters.