In Season 4, during the Dead Pool situation, in "Time of Death", Noshiko shows Kira how to use her Thunder Foxfire to incapacitate Scott into a vegetative as part of a plan to catch the Benefactor. She advises Scott he'll experience dreams and whether they're good or bad depends on him. When Melissa snaps, asking why they're letting their kids fight these fights, Noshiko advises her saying they'd be telling them to run and hide for the rest of their lives otherwise. In "Smoke and Mirrors", Kira hallucinates Noshiko in La Iglesia when she and Scott are abducted by Kate Argent, comforting her after Scott tried to kill her as a Berserker and teaching her how to trigger a Kitsune's healing, using pain from cutting herself using a piece of obsidian. Back in Beacon Hills, Noshiko presents Kira with the obsidian piece shaped into a shuriken. Kira figures out the shuriken represents her first Kitsune Tail with her mother smiling in pride. In Season 5, the Yukimuras return from a summer in New York and arrive back during a traffic jam on route 115. Noshiko and Ken tell Kira of a legend for a similar storm; the Wild Hunt. In "Strange Frequencies", Noshiko engages Kira in a surprise spar, during which Noshiko speaks out in Japanese to Kira, saying "Show yourself, Kitsune!" Kira promptly flies into a rage, her Fox aura taking control of her. Kira moves in to kill her mom, but Ken snaps Kira out of her rage using her shuriken Kitsune Tail. Her worries confirmed, Noshiko informs a horrified Kira her Fox spirit is vying for control. At home, Noshiko attempts to help her daughter regain control of her power using acupuncture. Unfortunately, she and Ken later see that Kira has involuntarily escaped into the night, and then that Kira's sword was found embedded in a deceased Chimera. Noshiko, enlightened, helps a frustrated Kira to read Valack's coded novel which uncovers suppressed memories. The elder kitsune advises Kira she can't read the novel because the story is confusing her Fox spirit. To solve this issue, Kira should read the book, but without following the story: read the book backwards. Kira succeeds, remembering the Dread Doctors experimented on her the night of the traffic jam. Kira and Noshiko leave Beacon Hills for answers so to tame her daughter's Fox spirit.