After a few days Hari joins a meditation centre to relive the thoughts of Shailu. He then sees his sister Swecha with her boyfriend at a bar one night. At home when Hari complains about the relationship,it is revealed that her boyfriend is Ashok who is Shailu's brother. It is also revealed that Shailu's aunt had asked her hand for her son Amar's marriage from her father Srinivas Rao (Sathyaraj). Hari, now understood the situation meets Ashok and tells him that he has to know is family first in order to get them married. To Shailu's surprise, he meets her family as Ashok's friend. Ashok comes to know from a phone call from Maharishi that Hari has actually come for Shailu. He gets well with the family members and then uses this opportunity to get the family members close to each other as they had no proper bonding in between due to some misunderstanding when Shailu was born. He makes Shailu's grandfather (Vijayakumar) reunited with his son Srinivas and realises Shailu of her mistake, which was that her father is not a good father. Things go as per plan until Maharishi arrives to attend the wedding thinking that Shailu and Hari are getting married. He is about to spoil everything when Hari saves everything in time. Shailu then asks Hari to leave the place as soon as possible as it would cause no benefit to him. 2 days prior to the marriage, Shailu hugs Hari as she thinks she would lose him forever which is seen by the housemaid. She then tells Shailu's mother that she thinks Shailu is not happy with the marriage, upon asking Shailu to which she agrees. The next day while her mother shares this experience to the family, Srinivas Rao gets a call that Shailu has been kidnapped. He orders Hari to get her back to which he succeeds. Now Maharshi tells everything to the family members about their love story upon which Hari and Maharishi are thrown out of the house by Amar. Shailu then tells her father that she loved Hari and no one can understand her better than him and said that she cannot live without him. On the marriage day, Srinivas takes Shailu to the railway station where she meets Hari and tells him that she loves him. Hari reveals that he would not let the marriage happen at any cost, so he had waited. Meanwhile, Srinivas Rao gets a call from her sister that Amar is missing who is actually kidnapped by Maharishi. Thus Hari and Shailu are reunited.