Portrayed by Francia Raisa, Adrian is the daughter of Ruben Enriquez and Cindy Lee, and the ex-wife of Ben. She is 20 years old. Adrian is both book smart and street smart, hard-edged and emotional. Although she is a straight-A student and a majorette, she has a reputation for being a drama queen and the "school slut". She also has strong feelings for Ricky despite claiming she doesn't anymore since they stopped speaking to each other. Adrian grew up never knowing who her father was, until she went on a search to find him. Her father ended up marrying her mother after 16 years of being apart from each other. Adrian and her parents now live next door to the Juergens family. Her mother is a flight attendant and her father is a District Attorney. Like Ricky, Adrian is also known to use sex to deal with pain. In the episode "Be My, Be My Baby", she reveals that she first had sex when she was fifteen, with her childhood best friend Antonio, who was moving away in order to get cancer treatments. Adrian was infuriated after she found out that Ricky kissed Amy, believing that it went beyond kissing, even though it was a mostly innocent encounter. Adrian had a one-night-stand with Ben in retaliation, and ended up becoming pregnant with his child. She had her mind set on abortion, but she eventually backed out and decided to keep the baby. Adrian's decision to keep the baby received a lot of positive support from her father and even Amy, who had called her to let her know that she was giving Adrian the same offer of a friendship between them that she had given her in the past, because their children might end up becoming friends. Adrian later finds out that she is having a baby girl, which both she and Ben are excited about, and she and Ben later get married. Adrian gives birth to their daughter Mercy, who is tragically stillborn due to heart failure. Adrian and Ben are both absolutely devastated by Mercy's death. After this, Ben realizes he no longer loves Adrian, and that he may never have truly loved her. Ben decides that he wants a divorce. When she finds this out, Adrian tries to get pregnant again, believing that they will fall back in love and be happy again if she has another baby. When this doesn't work, she decides he should leave. After Ben left, Adrian realized she still loved Ricky, so she decided to date a guy named Dante in an attempt to make Ricky jealous. In the process, she meets Dante's brother, Omar, and begins dating him, because Dante left the country without an explanation. But Ricky had other plans - he ended up proposing to Amy at their graduation. Adrian wants one last kiss from Ricky, to see if she still has feelings for him. At the graduation party, she receives the kiss and is happy to discover that the kiss leaves her unmoved; however, Omar is at the party and is offended by Adrian kissing Ricky, and leaves. Disconsolate, Adrian has sex with Henry. The next day, she realizes that she has made a mistake, and repeatedly calls Omar, who does not answer her calls. To her surprise, Dante arrives back from his semester abroad. When she tells him that she has been seeing his brother, he breaks up with her. Adrian and her best friend Grace are fed up with boys, and decide to enroll in summer school together. Shortly after, Adrian gets a letter in the mail, stating that she is legally divorced from Ben. She then completes summer school and shows signs of still being in love with Ricky. She falls back in love with Omar, but denies his proposal of marriage, wanting to wait until her schooling is complete.