Louise "Lou" Stoke is hired as G Wing Governor of Larkhall to help out Joy Masterton (Ellie Haddington). She instantly makes herself noticed by the inmates, and has a kind and sensitive side to her. Joy bad-mouths Wing Governor Neil Grayling (James Gaddas) to Lou, unaware that Neil and Lou already know each other. Lou is later stunned when she finds Neil dead on the floor of his office following the sudden outbreak of Legionnaires' disease. Following the prisoners' escape after the sudden outbreak of Legionnaires' disease, Lou and Dr. Rowan Dunlop (Colin Salmon) help Tina O'Kane (Victoria Bush) as she is seriously ill after catching the disease. In the next episode, Lou and Rowan get much closer and end up having sex in the bathroom. New disturbing inmate Angela Robbins (Annette Badland) shows signs of dissociative identity disorder, and when Lou is escorting her to Rowan's office for a health check-up, Angela attacks Lou violently. After Lou punches Angela across the face, she begins to show a more caring and frightened side to her. Rowan diagnoses Angela with dissociative identity disorder and the pair have her shipped out of Larkhall. Lou then meets a young woman at the gates of Larkhall and they talk about somebody who Lou is close with. It later transpires to be her younger sister, Vicky (Melanie Cameron). Lou finds Vicky at a strip club, where they exchange insults and a catfight erupts between the two. Lou feels embarrassed when she realises that Rowan has witnessed the fight. Later on, Lou invites Rowan to her flat for dinner, to which he gladly accepts. During their meal, Vicky turns up and collapses, and it is soon revealed that she has attempted to commit suicide. When Vicky regains consciousness, she clashes with Lou about the situation and she warns her about Rowan. When Lou discovers that a young girl, Vanessa Andrews, is being used to smuggle drugs into prisons using her vagina, she confronts nonce Natalie Buxton (Dannielle Brent) about it, after Pat Kerrigan (Liz May Brice) grasses her up. Natalie acts as if she knows nothing about Vanessa, so Lou cannot charge her.