Common subcanopy and understory trees and shrubs include black ironwood (Krugiodendron ferreum), inkwood (Exothea paniculata), lancewood (Ocotea coriacea), marlberry (Ardisia escallonoides), poisonwood (Metopium toxiferum), satinleaf (Chrysophyllum oliviforme), and white stopper (Eugenia axillaris). Additional rockland hammock species include crabwood and spicewood. Coastal hammocks typically include Jamaica-dogwood (Piscidia piscipula), saffron-plum (Sideroxylon celastrinum), Spanish stopper (Eugenia foetida), and sea-grape (Coccoloba diversifolia). Buttonwood (Conocarpus erectus) can often be found in hammocks along the interface with mangrove swamps and salt marshes. In the Florida Keys and along the northern shores of Florida Bay, additional subcanopy and understory species include Bahama strongbark (Bourreria succulenta), beeftree (Guapira discolor), darling-plum (Reynosia septentrionalis), Florida boxwood, green thatch palm, Jamaica caper (Capparis cynophallophora), Key's tree cactus, lignum-vitae, limber caper (Capparis flexuosa), manchineel, mayten (Maytenus phyllanthoides), milkbark, pearlberry, princewood, red stopper, torchwood (Amyris elemifera), and wild dilly. Species associated with aboriginal activity include red mulberry (Morus rubra) and soapberry (Sapindus saponaria), and those associated with wet areas in hammocks (such as sinkholes) include cocoplum (Chrysobalanus icaco), hackberry (Celtis laevigata), and pond-apple (Annona glabra). Several species, including Krug's holly, and West Indian cherry are limited in distribution to tropical hardwood hammocks on the Miami Rock Ridge. Subcanopy and understory species with extremely limited distributions include: bitterbush (Picramnia pentandra)--occurring only in coastal hammocks on the Miami Rock Ridge; Bahama tree cactus (Pilosocereus bahamensis), cinnecord (Acacia choriophylla) and soldierwood (Colubrina elliptica)--found only in the upper Florida Keys; and cupania (Cupania glabra), maidenbush (Savia bahamensis), and rough strongback (Bourreria radula)--found only in the lower Florida Keys. Vines often associated with the hammock subcanopy include pull-and-hold-back (Pisonia aculeata), Tournefortia hirsutissima, and T. volubilis. Epiphytes found in the sub-canopy and understory include Florida peperomia (Peperomia obtusifolia) and resurrection fern (Polypodium polypodioides). In the lower portions of the understory, especially in wetter areas, epiphytes such as strap-leaved guzmania (Guzmania monostachya) and soft-leaved tillandsia (Tillandsia variabilis), can also be found.