Most of our information about the economy of Ghana comes from al-Bakri. Al-Bakri noted that merchants had to pay a one gold dinar tax on imports of salt, and two on exports of salt. Other products paid fixed dues, al-Bakri mentioned both copper and "other goods." Imports probably included products such as textiles, ornaments and other materials. Many of the hand-crafted leather goods found in old Morocco also had their origins in the empire.[25] The main centre of trade was Koumbi Saleh. The king claimed as his own all nuggets of gold, and allowed other people to have only gold dust.[26] In addition to the exerted influence of the king onto local regions, tribute was also received from various tributary states and chiefdoms to the empire's periphery.[27] The introduction of the camel played a key role in Soninke success as well, allowing products and goods to be transported much more efficiently across the Sahara. These contributing factors all helped the empire remain powerful for some time, providing a rich and stable economy that was to last over several centuries. The empire was also known to be a major education hub.[citation needed] Once originally name Wagadu, The Kingdom of Ghana was located in present day Mauritania and western Mali. The Kingdom of Ghana was a very wealthy kingdom for numerous reasons, one of the reasons being the Trans-Saharan Trade. The Kingdom of Ghana was very populated and had many people from outside the kingdom travel through in order to trade with those from the Kingdom of Ghana or to trade with other outsiders, making Ghana a focal point trading center. Some of the most important parts of products that were trade within Ghana were salt and gold. With gold and salt being transported and traded through Ghana, the Kingdom of Ghana was able to become very wealthy by taxing the goods that came through the trade center. Other materials that were popular within trading in Ghana were ivory, slaves, horses, swords, spices, silks, and even books from Europeans. Because Ghana had a large military force, they would charge people for protection if they so desired it when trading to protect themselves and their goods. The fact that Ghana had many trade routes that were well protected also encouraged other merchants to come to Ghana and trade. With the amount of protection on the trade routes and the large number of trade routes, Ghana was given the nickname The Gold Coast. Because so many people trade through Ghana, Ghana was essentially a melting pot, spreading ideas, culture, technology and other aspects of what makes different societies what they were. Eventually the Kingdom of Ghana came to its downfall; a decline in power. Ghana was attacked by other regions who were in need of the resources that Ghana possessed. The Kingdom of Ghana eventually merged with Mali, which became one of the largest empires in African history and one of the richest as well.