After reading True Grit by Charles Portis, John Wayne was enthusiastic about playing the part of Rooster Cogburn, but as production got closer, Wayne got jumpy—he didn’t have a handle on how to play Rooster Cogburn. He was, of course, nervous because the part was out of his comfort zone and hadn’t been specifically tailored to his screen character by one of his in-house screenwriters. Henry Hathaway, who directed the film, was able to calm Wayne’s doubts, most notably concerning the eye patch which was made of gauze allowing Wayne to see.[14] John Wayne thought the picture had been edited too tightly by Hathaway. Nevertheless, in May 1969, a few weeks before the picture was released, Wayne wrote to Marguerite Roberts thanking her for her “magnificent” screenplay, especially for the beautiful ending in the cemetery that she had devised in Portis’s style. [15] Wayne and Kim Darby worked very well together, but Henry Hathaway disliked her stating: “My problem with her was simple, She’s not particularly attractive, so her book of tricks consisted mostly [of] being a little cute. All through the film, I had to stop her from acting funny, doing bits of business and so forth [16] (By the time the picture got back to the studio interiors, Kim Darby was telling Hal Wallis she would never work for Hathaway again. John Wayne was another matter. “He was wonderful to work with, he really was said Darby. “When you work with someone who’s a big star as he is . . . there’s an unspoken thing that they sort of set the environment for the working conditions on the set and the feeling on the set. And he creates an environment that is very safe to work in. He’s very supportive of the people around him and the people he works with, very supportive. He’s really a reflection, an honest reflection, of what he really is. I mean that’s what you see on the screen. He’s simple and direct, and I love that in his work." [17] Surrounded by an angry director, a nervous actress, and the inexperienced Glen Campbell, Wayne took the reins between his teeth the same way Rooster Cogburn does in the climax of the film. “He was there on the set before anyone else and knew every line perfectly.” Said Kim Darby.” [18]Both Wayne and Hathaway had difficulties with Robert Duvall, with the director having constant shouting matches with his supporting actor and Duvall and Wayne nearly coming to blows.