Months later, Sarah attends Bethany's parents evening with David, but Bethany doesn't turn up. Sarah and David learn from one of Bethany's teachers that she has been skipping school by saying she is attending grief counselling. Sarah and David realise Bethany has intercepted letters and emails from the school about her absence to prevent her family from knowing about it. Sarah tries to contact Bethany with no response. When Bethany arrives at the pub, Sarah and Gail try to find out why she is playing truant. At school, Bethany is ganged up on by a group of girls, who make cruel remarks about her and Sarah and threaten her, pulling her hair. Bethany arrives at Sarah's baby shower and throws the cake at the wall, snapping at Sarah and telling her to put the baby up for adoption as she is a terrible mother. Todd finds Bethany on the street and he encourages her to open up and later, Bethany apologises to Sarah. Bethany later receives cruel messages from Lauren (Shannon Flynn) and Shelley (Natalie Davies), so Bethany breaks down in the alley. Bethany tries to skip school by telling Sarah she has a stomach ache, but she is forced to go to school. Bethany later receives another message from Lauren and Kylie notices her upset. Bethany confides in Kylie about the bullying and Kylie gives her advice on standing up for herself. Bethany is followed home by Lauren and her gang and they threaten her again. Luke Britton (Dean Fagan) intervenes and tells them to leave. Luke takes Bethany to Sarah, where she reveals all about the bullying. Sarah then visits Lauren at home, where she shouts at her and tells her mother what she's been doing to Bethany. Bethany is followed home again by Lauren and her gang, but are chased off by Gemma, however, they steal her mobile phone. After Sarah gives birth, Bethany meets her half-brother and Sarah chooses Harry for a name from Bethany's suggestions. David and Gail learn that Bethany is still being bullied when Gemma tells David she chased the bullies off, but Bethany pleads with them not to tell Sarah. After taking Harry for a walk, Bethany is stopped by Lauren and her gang, who insult Harry. Nick defends Bethany, but he loses his temper with Lauren and throws her schoolbag into the road. Lauren and her mother later visit the Platt household, but are eventually thrown out by David. When Lauren and her gang hassle Bethany outside school, Luke collects Bethany in a flash car.