This distribution channel involves more than one intermediary before the product gets into the hands of the consumer. This middleman, known as the agent, assists with the negotiation between the manufacturer and the seller. Agents come into play when the producers need to get their product into the market as quickly as possible. This happens mostly when the item is perishable and has to get to the market fresh before it starts to rot.[7] At times, the agent will directly go to the retailer with the goods, or take an alternate route through the wholesaler who will go to a retailer and then finally to the consumer. A mutual cooperation normally occurs when parties, in particular, the last channel of marketing chain of distribution meet. Due to the fact that producers, agents, retailers/wholesalers and consumers of this channel aid each other and benefit from each other. Their cooperation generates a greater output in terms of further profitability, by discernment and exploring newer markets of sales and building a better business relationship. The participants of distribution channels must have knowledge and experience not only for the effective maintenance of target segments but also to maintain the competitive advantage of the manufacturer. For example, an Agent who is able to vary prices for certain products can negotiate and or lower prices. This will assist him in sustain the comparative advantage, stay on top of its competitors and stay demanded on the market. A Broker works mainly to bring the seller and the buyer and to assist in the negotiation process. An intermediary like Broker is usually dependent on the commission of a sold product or production in terms of goods. In addition, therefore, a Broker is involved in one-off transactions and can not be an effective channel of distribution.[9] However, he can maintain a competitive advantage over other firms in the form of a particular brand if he has obtained the right to exclusive representation of the manufacturer and can profit from it more. He acts on behalf of the seller (Producer/Manufacture) and has no rights to modify prices for products. In addition, having formed a channel of distribution it is important to remember that the exploitation and utilization of intermediaries in a business (not only wholesalers, retailers but also transport logistics) will lengthen the chain of distribution.[13] A business will then need to consider which channel is more cost effective and productive in terms of time delivery, efficiency, pricing policy and where it stands among competitors; for example, overall feedback, higher rating, higher demand from customers etc. The best use and help of intermediaries can be applied to start-up businesses and perhaps an established business