In Season 5A, Liam is still learning to perfect control under Scott's tutelage. In "Parasomnia", he learns, to his chagrin, his nemesis from grade school, Hayden has enrolled. The Pack has given him permission to let Mason in on the supernatural business. Though worried that his best friend would reject him, Liam attempts to do so. However, a full wolf (Theo) chases him and Mason, forcing Liam to fully expose himself to his best friend, but the latter is instead completely beside himself with awe. Liam tracks a Chimera at the club Sinema where Hayden works in "Condition Terminal", but he causes her to drop the shots she's carrying, to her annoyance. He later attempts to pay her back. Hayden coldly rebukes him, but he insists on making up for the shots, even more so when he learns the money is for her medication. Their relationship overtime begins to improve, with the two starting to fall for each other. Liam later discovers Hayden is a Chimera. He manages to convince her of the supernatural, and brings her to Scott's Pack in "Strange Frequencies" to protect her. Liam is furious, appalled at Scott's decision to use Hayden as bait, but has Scott promise that he'll do everything he can to save Hayden. Despite the Pack's efforts, the Dread Doctors abduct both Liam and Hayden, and while held captive, they comfort each other. Upon being rescued by Theo, Liam shares a kiss with Hayden, also activating his pain siphoning ability. After this, he and Hayden enter a romantic relationship, becoming lost in their own world. When Hayden is poisoned by the Dread Doctors in "Lies of Omission", Liam, overcome with worry, is tricked by Theo into thinking the Bite will save her. Liam demands Scott Bite Hayden, but a discouraged Scott says no, reasoning the Bite could actually kill her. In "Status Asthmaticus", Scott's refusal and the supermoon greatly feeding his bloodlust and temper, Liam is led by Theo to violently clash with Scott (who has been weakened by wolfsbane) and attempts to kill him to take his True Alpha powers so he can save Hayden himself. Liam comes close to killing Scott, but Mason arrives in time and snaps Liam out of his rage. Mason tells him of Hayden's death. Devastated, Liam gives Hayden a final kiss before she is taken by Parrish.