In the season 6 premiere "Memory Lost", Garrett is teaching a class where students including Hayden and Corey are smitten by his good looks. Liam, Mason and Corey steal his compass to track down strange magnetic readings. In "Superposition", Garrett catches Scott trying to open a locker that isn't his and reminds him that it's against the rules opening someone else's locker. In "Sundowning", it's revealed Garrett's health is bad as a result of his time in the tube when he suffers a coughing fit while teaching a class. Because of this, he must inhale helium which eases his cough. He is later revealed to be the one responsible for a series of murders where he kills his victims and eats the pineal gland, which is said to house the soul as he is seen killing a janitor and eating his pineal gland. In "Ghosted", Garrett listens in as Liam and Hayden make their next move against the Ghost Riders. He decides to join them as they plan to trap one, assisting the two teens as they construct their plan. In "Heartless", Garrett shows up at the site where a Ghost Rider is held in the cage, non one is around but Theo and the captured Ghost Rider. He forces Theo to break the mountain ash barrier surrounding the cage. Garrett enters the cage, attacks the Ghost Rider and kills it by taking a bite out of its head and eats its pineal gland, which grants him the power of a Ghost Rider and changes his eye color to emerald. He also steals the Ghost Rider's whip which he uses to erase Corey. In "Blitzkrieg", Garrett's Nazi past is revealed by Theo and part of Garrett's plan is to find the hellhound. Once he locates an unresponsive Jordan Parrish, he erases Chris Argent and Melissa McCall. After awakening Parrish, he commands the hellhound to open the rift, passing through as he does. In "Riders on the Storm", Garrett uses Corey to merge the Ghost Riders' limbo with the real world. He fights Scott and the Pack to complete his plans to create his own personal supernatural army, but Scott diverts the train before it could enter Beacon Hills. When the Ghost Riders start to leave, Garrett attempts to take command of them once more. They surround him and he is turned into a Ghost Rider with a swastika on his arm before he and the Ghost Riders are taken up by the lightning storm.