Oliver Queen has made multiple appearances in Arrow's brother series The Flash, once again played by Stephen Amell.[47] In the pilot, Barry Allen returns to Starling City after gaining super speed and receives advice from Oliver when he sought Oliver's opinion about whether he could be a hero or just 'some guy who was struck by lightning'. A promo depicts a sequence in which Oliver is training an in-costume Barry. The shows and the characters have crossovers with each other midseason, including Felicity Smoak visiting Central City to help Barry deal with the new threat of Leonard Snart's stolen cold gun, followed shortly after by a two-parter where Oliver fights Barry after a mood-controlling metahuman provokes Barry into attacking his allies in "Flash vs. Arrow" and Barry assisting Oliver in catching new foe Captain Boomerang in "The Brave and the Bold". In "All-Star Team Up", Ray Palmer and Felicity visit S.T.A.R. labs to get help for Ray's Atom suit, and assist the team in defeating a supervillain who can control robotic bees. Oliver appears in the penultimate episode "Rogue Air" to help Barry fight the Reverse-Flash with Firestorm, using nanite-enhanced arrows from Ray Palmer to slow Reverse-Flash down and knock him out. In return, he asks for Barry's help in freeing his friends in the season 3 Arrow finale. In two-part crossover that will set the events to Legends of Tomorrow, Oliver and his comrades team up with Barry, Kendra and Carter to defeat immortal villain, Vandal Savage.[48] During the Season 2 episode, "Enter Zoom", a news report shows that on Earth-2, Oliver died the night the Queen's Gambit sunk, and his father Robert took the mantle of the Arrow. However, Robert was somehow unmasked in this reality. In the mass crossover episode "Invasion!", featuring the casts of Arrow, The Flash and Legends of Tomorrow teaming up with Supergirl to stop an alien invasion by the Dominators, Oliver nominates Barry for team leader while acting as a tactical advisor to the team.