On 19 December 2014, Peri has sex with Tom losing her virginity . Peri befriends Dylan Jenkins (James Fletcher) and when Nancy Osborne (Jessica Fox) falls asleep while supervising detention, Peri steals her painkillers. Peri and Dylan sell them to other students, with Dylan, Nico and Tom taking some but they make everyone sick and are rushed to hospital. Peri admits what she did and she is suspended. The day before her birthday, Peri wishes that she could spend time with her father so Dylan suggests that he, Peri and Nico to visit him. She collapses in Dylan's arms and he takes her to hospital where she learns that she is pregnant. Tom sees them and thinks she is cheating on him. Meanwhile, Tom tells Darren Osborne (Ashley Taylor Dawson) that he thinks Peri is cheating on him, so Darren tells him to talk to her. When Tom confronts Peri, she tells him that she is pregnant, leaving Tom speechless. On her 15th birthday, she is thrown a surprise birthday party at The Dog, with Nico, who shares her birthday. She goes to the hospital with Tom, and finds out she is 10 weeks pregnant. Celine McQueen (Sarah George) tells her she can have an abortion and Peri leaves. Tom asks for a picture of the baby and puts it in a white envelope which he leaves among the birthday cards after showing the picture to Dylan and Nico and Leela finds it. She realises it is Peri's, but Nico tells Leela it is hers. Peri considers an abortion but during the school play, Tom proposes and she runs home in tears after Leela discovers that her daughter is pregnant. Leela and Peri talk about the possibilities of having a baby so young and Peri decides not to have an abortion, choosing instead to have the baby adopted. In July 2015, Peri is frustrated by Leela's constant fussing and learns that Tom is not sure about having the baby adopted. Eventually, Peri and Tom resolve their differences and Tom supports Peri, agreeing to let Peri's cousin, Angela Brown (Adele Silva) and her husband, Mark (Ben Faulks), to adopt the baby. Frankie Osborne (Helen Pearson) knows how much Tom wants to be a father and suggests to Peri that the baby live with them but Peri refuses because she doesn't want to be close to the baby. In August, Peri and Angela go to a scan and Tom storms in, high on legal pills. Peri has a scare when she thinks she is going into labour but learns that she has high blood pressure. However, Tom doesn't want Peri to give their baby up and blackmails Cameron, telling him to persuade Peri to keep the baby or he will tell Peri that Cameron killed Danny and Sam. Cameron fails to do this so Tom gives Cameron an ultimatum. In late August, Angela visits Peri and tells her that the baby is a girl. Peri tells Angela that she wants her and Mark to take the baby immediately after the birth.