Navid's daughter is getting married, so he begins to hand out wedding invitations to certain customers in his shop. Many of the pensioners are keen on attending, and begin to go to great lengths to get invitations. Meanwhile, Jack is annoying Victor by endlessly chattering about a toaster that he wants to buy. The pair decide to go out, where they find Winston, who tells them that Wullie MacIntosh, an old acquaintance, has just died. After talking among themselves, it transpires that Wullie had a habit of borrowing things and not giving them back. Victor, Jack, and Winston, along with Tam, decide to let themselves into Wullie's house and reclaim their long-lost items. After talking to more friends at Wullie's funeral, the four realise that Wullie's borrowing problem was much worse than it originally seemed--most of the pensioners had loaned Wullie items that he had failed to return. Winston takes back a painting of the Taj Mahal which he says he will give to Navid, thus guaranteeing him an invitation to the wedding. Many of the other customers of Navid's shop also begin receiving invitations at around this time, including Isa. Jack and Victor go to Navid's shop, hoping for invitations, but Navid only gives them a newspaper. Frustrated, the two go to the Clansman, only to find that the majority of the customers have invitations. They are particularly hurt when they find out that Bobby has an invitation. Peggy McAlpine then pretends to offer Jack and Victor the invitations she and her husband Charlie had received, only revealing the deception after the pair reluctantly accept. Jack and Victor are laughed at by the entire pub, at which point, furious and hurt, the pair begin to storm out. Suddenly, an invitation with Victor's name on it drops from the paper Navid had given them. Nearly fainting with happiness, Victor fails to notice Jack dejectedly leaving the pub. Just then, Pete the Jakey walks in, clutching an invitation and claiming that he is going to go to the wedding. Skeptical, Jack looks at Pete's invitation and sees his own name. Realising that the invitation must have fallen out of the newspaper, he joins Victor in celebration. Later, at the wedding, Victor and Jack are horrified to find out that there is no alcohol due to Navid's family being Muslim. However, they are cheered up due to the fact that Winston has worn a kilt with drinks hidden underneath. Meanwhile, it turns out that Wullie MacIntosh is in fact, still alive, and that he had been in hospital next to a person that had the same name as him. Dejectedly, Wullie enters the Clansman and tells Victor, Jack, Tam, and Winston that his house has been robbed. To compensate, Victor gleefully hands Wullie Jack's newly-purchased toaster, which Jack had once again been annoying everyone with.