The Amarillo Kid later returns in "Showdown on Fairway 18," but this time has a changed personality. This time, he comes to the Penguins for help when he has lost a mini-golf match against the Gopher Brothers Bo and Gomer and they want his shell (which the Amarillo Kid used in a wager). The Amarillo Kid tells him of the Westchester Putter from Yabogeyhaha, a golden golf putting club which grants its wielder unbeatable power so that even the worst will become the greatest, and he desires to use it in a rematch against the Gophers to save himself. Private and the Amarillo Kid find the Westchester Putter. Through a series of comical foul-ups, they finally claim the Putter. Private hands the Westchester Putter over to the Amarillo Kid on the agreement that he will return it as soon as he has won his rematch. Touched by Private's kindness, the Amarillo Kid confesses his intentions to steal the Putter for the Gophers in order to save his shell as Private's emotions egged him & made him feel guilt for what he was preparing to do. He decides to turn over a new leaf, and voluntarily puts the Putter back, saying he'd rather go shell-less than proving Skipper & Private right that he hadn't changed. Just then, the other penguins and the Gophers show up. The Gophers trap the penguins under a chandelier, take the Westchester Putter for themselves, and escape the building, proving that the Amarillo Kid had been telling the truth and they had tricked Skipper and his team into helping them as Kowalski recapped the gophers' clever ingenuity of their plan. As they make their getaway, the Amarillo Kid stays to free the penguins. The penguins and the Amarillo Kid pursue the Gophers in a mini golf cart chase. Just as it seems the Gophers are going to give the penguins the slip, the Amarillo Kid uses his golfing skills to sabotage their cart and save the Putter. With the Gophers successfully thwarted, the Amarillo Kid thanks Private for believing in him, and they part on good terms... that is, only after Private reminds the Amarillo Kid remembers he is supposed to give the Westchester Putter back.