According to hooks, women wanted equal rights and to be put on the same social level as men by "emphasizing women's powerlessness and condemning male exercise of power as denomination" as well as raising the banner of "women power" demanding equal rights (hooks 2000:88). Women wanted to rise to power as easily as men could. hooks points out that assuming that women would be better leaders than men because of their different values was not a valid reason because women could "imitate men, and in the process become the oppressors" of others; there is absolutely no way to know whether women lust for power as much as men do and if that could potentially affect the outcome of a woman leader" (hooks 2000:85). Unfortunately, those who begun the movement were mostly white bourgeois white women who believed that in order to gain power, they needed a job to be contributing to society. They believed that the key to liberation was a job because this way, they could provide for themselves and would not be limited to just household work.  (hooks 2000:86) Hooks has a different opinion. She states that the real power lies in the involvement of "the reconstruction of the entire society for the benefit of the greater majority and for the advancement of humanity".(hooks 2000:91) This excluded lower-class women, mostly black, who already had jobs to help their own household out of necessity while white bourgeois women viewed it as an "escape from leisure." The feminist movement during this time excluded a great amount of people, mostly lower class or minorities, due to their occupation status. Because they already had a job, they were dismissed from the activism as those who had already reached liberation when, in reality, most of the people working had miserable jobs who paid lower than minimum wage. The jobs they mostly worked were dehumanizing and not liberatory" (hooks 2000:98). In addition, black women and men felt threatened by the movement instead of feeling empowered. The reason to this was because as soon as white bourgeois women began acquiring jobs, there would be more competition on the job market. To them, this meant that jobs would be handed over to a white candidate, regardless of gender, versus a black male revealing the white supremacy existing in the community" (hooks 2000:99). According to hooks, an effective way of acquiring power could have been by resisting exploitation and oppression and/or to build political and economic structures to benefit women and men equally. Another way could have been to boycott by turning off electronics or to temporarily suspend shopping since women's fashion was one with the highest market.  This could have addressed the problems the community was having such as having low paying jobs with dehumanizing conditions causing psychological exploitation. As time went on, more and more women had to enter the work force and begin at jobs such as these. If the problem would have been addressed since the beginning, this could have prevented bourgeois women who entered the work force to face conditions as such.