In 2013, Morgan (Craig) is found to be living with his girlfriend Kiki Jerome (then Kristen Alderson) and his girlfriend's mother Ava Jerome (Maura West) in New York City, where Michael tracks him down after he is attacked and left for dead. Sonny steps in to protect Morgan from another beating and Morgan moves in with Michael after Kristina (Lindsey Morgan) started enrolling in Wesleyan University. Kiki also moves in the brothers and Morgan notices the sexual tension between them. He is relieved when the two are revealed to be cousins, and Morgan and Kiki move into the Quartermaine boat house. Morgan eventually learns that Kiki and Michael aren't related, but withholds the information. Morgan confesses the truth to Sonny and convinces him to keep the secret while he marries Kiki. Though Kiki's paternity is exposed, the couple has already married. Even when at odds, Morgan and Michael come together to rescue Sonny when his girlfriend Connie is murdered. At Kiki and Morgan's wedding party, Sonny breaks down and reveals that Morgan knew about Kiki's paternity before they married. Following the revelation, Morgan begins sleeping with Ava. Morgan later moves in with Ava, against his family's wishes. Morgan accidentally discovers that Ava, and her brother, Julian Jerome (William deVry) are going after his Sonny's crime organization and is forced to turn against Sonny in exchange for his life. However, Morgan uses the situation as a way to get revenge on his father and brother. Eventually, Sonny figures out the truth, but Morgan refuses to back down from working with the Jeromes. In a shootout, though, Morgan ends up accidentally shooting Max Giambetti (Derk Cheetwood), Sonny's bodyguard who helped raise Morgan. Seeing the danger of his actions, Morgan tries to get out of the business, but Julian threatens to kill Carly and Michael if Morgan doesn't spy on him. Sonny, though, figures out Julian's scheme and gets Morgan out. Ava is reluctant to give Morgan up, and provides Sonny info on Julian to prove her loyalty.