Jennifer teases Coco Astoni after her mother and school principal, Maggie Astoni (Kestie Morassi), calls her by her embarrassing nickname, "Coco Pops" on her first day. Jennifer tells Coco that she has been given a detention from Maggie and Coco pushes her books to the floor, before VJ Patterson (Little) breaks up the confrontation. Jennifer puts rubbish in Coco's locker and teases her about her social media photos. Raffy Morrison (Olivia Deeble) stands up to Jennifer on Coco's behalf, calling her "Jenny" as she knows Jennifer hates it. Jennifer insults Coco's appearance and weight. Coco starts a fight with Jennifer, which is broken up by Maggie. She suspends them both and Jennifer's father Nick (Jacob Allan) collects her from school. Jennifer realises Coco has an eating disorder and threatens to reveal it, unless Coco gets her a date with VJ. Coco agrees and she begins to spend time with Jennifer, which causes a strain on her friendship with Raffy. Jennifer has a surfing lesson with VJ and Coco, and she helps Coco after she faints on the beach. During Olivia Fraser Richards' (Raechelle Banno) fashion line launch party at Salt, Jennifer encourages Raffy to drink alcohol, causing her to get drunk. The next day, Raffy confronts Jennifer and pushes her, which Maggie witnesses. Jennifer attends Summer Bay's Glow Day, hosted by Coco. She is paired with Ryder Jackson (Lukas Radovich) for the obstacle course, and he causes her to fall and sprain her wrist. Jennifer flirts with Raffy's brother Mason Morgan (Orpheus Pledger) when he treats her. Jennifer then trains with Mason at the gym, where she kisses him. Mason pushes her away, as he is still grieving for his late girlfriend and Jennifer apologises. Jennifer comforts Hunter King after Olivia rejects his marriage proposal. Jennifer and Mason support Hunter in the wake of his break up, and Hunter helps Jennifer with her studies. While they are at the beach together, Jennifer kisses Hunter and asks him to come to Diner to help her with an assignment. Hunter mistakenly assumes it is a date, so Jennifer invites him to go on a real date and he accepts.