With Derek Carr out indefinitely and the injury suffered in the final week of the season by Matt McGloin, the Raiders were forced to turn to rookie quarterback Connor Cook to start his first-ever NFL game, becoming the first rookie in NFL history since the inception of the Super Bowl to make his first career start in the playoffs.[57] The Texans nominal starting quarterback, Tom Savage, would also miss the game due to concussion protocol which left the Houston offense in the hands of Brock Osweiler, who started 14 games in the regular season only being replaced by Savage late in the season.[58] The Texans got the ball first, but their drive ended at the Raider 37-yard line. The Raiders followed with a three-and-out series to give the ball back to Houston at the Raider 40. The Texans could not muster a first down, but were able to get a 50-yard Nick Novak field goal to take the lead 3–0. On the ensuing Raider possession, Cook was intercepted on a screen pass by Jadeveon Clowney and Houston took over at the Raider four-yard line. A Lamar Miller four-yard touchdown run extended the Texan lead to 10–0. Following short possessions by both teams, the Raiders got good field position due to a 37-yard punt return by Jalen Richard at the Houston 38. Five plays later, Latavius Murray scored on a two-yard touchdown run to bring the Raiders within 10–7. The Texans Raiders exchanged three-and-outs, before the Texans added a Novak 38-yard field goal to extend the lead to 13–7 in the second quarter. Following stalled drives by both teams, the Texans took over with 2:25 remaining in the half. An Osweiler pass to DeAndre Hopkins for a two-yard touchdown reception gave the Texans a 20–7 lead at the half.[59] Neither team was able to put anything on the scoreboard in the third quarter with only three total first downs in the quarter by the offenses. However, with 12:28 left to go in the fourth quarter, Osweiler scored from one yard out to put the game out of reach at 27–7. An 8-yard touchdown pass from Cook to Andre Holmes narrowed the lead, but back-to-back interceptions by Cook ended any attempt at a Raider comeback. The Raiders were eliminated from the postseason 27–14. Cook finished 18–45 with one touchdown and three interceptions. The Raider offense only managed a total of 203 yards on the day.