Publicist Marvet Britto stated, "Jackson embodies grace, style and integrity...She has never been known as a bad person." Britto describes Jackson’s videotaped apology as "impersonal", saying, "She has never been an impersonal artist, so it made it seem like she was guilty of something, and she wasn't. I would have had her and Timberlake apologizing side by side right from the beginning, since they performed side by side. Otherwise, it made the whole apology seem calculated and contrived." Jackson said of the apology, "I probably should have done it live. But there was so much going on at the time that I needed to just get it done. It is what it is. And it will pass, and I'm fine with it."[59] At one point Jackson was scheduled to be interviewed about the incident by Diane Sawyer on the ABC newsmagazine Primetime, however, the interview never came to fruition.[60] Jackson later briefly discussed the incident on Good Morning America and the Late Show with David Letterman. Jackson's outfit was designed by famed designer Alexander McQueen, with Jackson later commenting "I don't blame him; he didn't rip it. Alexander is so great at what he does – he's a genius."[61] In an interview with Australia's Herald Sun, Jackson commented on Timberlake (whom, as mentioned, Jackson had previously known personally and aided when she selected his former group 'N Sync to open for her Velvet Rope World Tour at the start of their career[34][36]) distancing himself from the incident and seemingly changing with fame. "I really want to be honest about this, but I just feel that anything I say about him will be taken the wrong way", said Jackson. "I do think that Justin is very talented and that he has a very big career ahead of him. But he seems to have changed recently. He's gotten a bit cocky. You know, some people can handle success and some people can't. I'm starting to wonder if (the latter) is the case with Justin. And it hurts me to say that."[62] Producer Jimmy Jam revealed Jackson considered writing a song about the incident for her Damita Jo album, saying, "I don't know whether it will or not. But I have a feeling it probably will, because kind of whatever's happening in her life tends to be what she writes about [...] It'd be kind of interesting to see what her feeling is about it."[63]