Kimberly "Kim" Pine is Scott's high school friend and drummer of Sex Bob-omb. She is 23 years old and was Scott's first girlfriend, whom he "saved" from Simon Lee. The two broke up when Scott's family moved away to Toronto. She has a sarcastic personality and dislikes many people. Kim is employed at No-Account Video throughout the series. Her relationship with Scott is typically one of annoyance at his ineptitude, but Volume 5 strongly hints that she is still in love with him, but has become resigned to the fact that he loves Ramona. She later moves back home to Northern Ontario at the end of Volume 5, prompting Scott to apologize ambiguously for his actions: she accepts the apology before boarding the bus. She later contacts Scott to have him relieve her of boredom at her parent's place. While he visits, Kim helps Scott remember the reality of his past relationships and accept that he did things as a bad boyfriend that he did not want to accept about himself. With Kim, it is revealed that he never told her he was moving away. She had to confront him after finding out from their mutual friend, Lisa Miller. During Scott's final fight with Gideon, she is psychically aware of the events taking place, despite being at her parents' home. She later forms another band with Scott. O'Malley came up with the name "Kim Pine" when he was in high school, first used it for a character in the short-lived comic strip "Style" before using it for the Scott Pilgrim series.[28] After viewing edits on TV Tropes, O'Malley explained that Kim Pine is not necessarily less attractive than other characters, but that she believes she is less attractive than other characters and therefore "is insecure and/or uncomfortable with her looks".[29] O'Malley explained that "Kim says Envy is pretty and looks bummed and clearly thinks Envy is prettier than her. But Envy is on the cover of a magazine, she’s a rock star, she’s wearing tons of makeup and she’s been professionally styled and photoshopped. Plus Scott dated her after Kim and it’s confusing. There’s more to it than “Envy is pretty! Kim is ugly so she’s sad!”"[29]