Sons and Daughters was created by Reg Watson who was inspired by glossy primetime soaps Dallas and Dynasty which were averaging huge ratings in their respective time slots on CBS and ABC and was curious to see how an Australian half hour soap similar in style to those shows would fair with early evening or primetime audiences. The show was an instant hit and with writers for the show being able to place one or more families and other characters in either Sydney or Melbourne, they knew the show would appeal to viewers living in those cities. Reg Watson knew Melbourne based shows often didn't rate well with Sydney viewers, and set about using either Sydney or Melbourne as the birth place for much of the shows cast of characters. Sons and Daughters even used some former plot lines from Dallas or Dynasty to gain high viewership figures for the shows timeslot. Critics and press likened the serial as an Australian version of Latin American or South American telenovelas which would often hit huge viewership figures in their home country. British television broadcaster ITV would soon begin airing the show and audiences in the United Kingdom and other European territories would begin to become fans of the show. Most European and foreign countries that aired the show broadcast it in daytime. Ratings for the show would be very high for the first three years, but following the departure of Rowena Wallace in early 1985 to pursue other acting opportunities, ratings quickly began to decline, and a wacky and rather dull idea was put in play for Wallace's character Patricia Hamilton to return to the soap played by another actress. In mid-1985, new actress to the show Belinda Giblin arrived as Alison Carr, the new identity of Patricia, who had plastic surgery in Rio De Janeiro to escape from authorities who were looking for her in Australia for supposedly murdering a wealthy millionaire's son named Luke Carlyle, who had embezzled his father's and Patricia's firm. Patricia used this new identity to regain entry into Australia and with an instant boost to viewership figures watching the storyline the show was deemed to be saved from cancellation. However, when Rowena Wallace returned to the show in its final season, as Patricia's/Alison's twin, Pamela, ratings began to slide and after six successful years the show ended in 1987 and would be replaced with new half hour soap Home and Away, created by former writer on Sons and Daughters Bevan Lee. Sons and Daughters is best remembered for its over-the-top storylines and dramatic, and often hilarious, cliffhangers. One such cliffhanger featured Alison Carr being bitten by a venomous snake, which had been hidden in a wall safe that Alison broke into to steal documents from villain Wayne Hamilton played by Ian Rawlings. Though the snake used, a python would have a non lethal bite, that storyline featuring the infamous snake cliffhanger was often credited as a way to try and increase ratings for the show. Another rather spurious storyline featured a bomb being hidden in the bottom of wheelchair that killed off Barney Adams, a love interest of Fiona Thompson, when it exploded. The show gained a cult following and has been repeated more than once in both Australian and international territories.