The eastern green mamba is a diurnal, arboreal, and secretive species of snake, and it tends to spend most of its time above the ground in relatively dense brush, where it is well camouflaged.[15] This species is not commonly found on land unless motivated by thirst, prey, or the need to bask in the sun (thermoregulation).[23] It is an alert, nervous, excellent climber and extremely agile snake. It sleeps at night in a tree coiled up in leafy clumps rather than seeking a tree hollow (although sometimes found in them).[13] In a study of the movement patterns of two adult specimens of this species over a 27-day period, the researcher found that their activity range areas to be very low, comparable to other predators who ambush prey rather than actively hunt them. This is in contrast to most elapid species, including other mambas, who tend to actively hunt or forage for prey. The study's preliminary evidence sheds some light on this species' method of hunting prey and suggests that it may be an ambush predator due to the sit-and-wait behavior displayed. However, this evidence does not preclude active foraging by this species. A specimen systematically hunting a sleeping bat was observed by William York.[24] There is no evidence that the eastern green mamba migrates; in fact, this species is thought to be relatively sedentary. It can remain in the same location for days at a time, apparently moving most commonly to find food or mates. On average, individuals of this species move only about 5.4 metres (18 ft) per day.[18][24] Unlike its much larger cousin the black mamba, this mamba is more shy and not as aggressive or fearsome. It will avoid confrontation with humans or any other potential predators when possible, and will rather rely on its camouflage, or flee, than alert a potential threat of its presence. They are fast snakes, capable of moving 7 mph. They don't always strike, but under continuous harassment and provocation and especially if cornered, they may suddenly strike repeatedly in quick succession, often leading to severe envenomation.[23]