At WrestleMania 31, The Authority scored several victories; Triple H defeated Sting in Sting's WWE debut match, and Big Show won the 30-man André the Giant Memorial battle royal. After losing his singles match against Orton earlier in the night, Rollins cashed his Money in the Bank contract during the main event between Brock Lesnar and Roman Reigns for the WWE World Heavyweight Championship, making it a triple threat match, becoming a world champion for the first time and bringing the title back to The Authority.[46] At Extreme Rules, Rollins defeated Orton in a steel cage match to retain the WWE World Heavyweight Championship, while Big Show lost to Roman Reigns in a Last Man Standing match.[47] Show took a brief hiatus from WWE afterwards, quietly leaving The Authority in the process. On the April 27 episode of Raw, it was announced, by vote on the WWE App, that Rollins would defend the title against Orton and Reigns in a triple threat match at Payback,[48] which was later turned into a fatal four-way match including Dean Ambrose on the May 4 episode of Raw, after Ambrose defeated Rollins.[49] By that time, signs of dissension were shown between Rollins and Kane; however, after Triple H announced on the May 11 episode of Raw that Kane would no longer be the WWE Director of Operations if Rollins lost the title at Payback,[50] at the event Kane helped Rollins retain the title.[51] On the May 18 episode of Raw, Ambrose challenged Rollins to a match for the WWE World Heavyweight Championship at Elimination Chamber, but Rollins refused. Later in the night, Ambrose attacked Rollins until The Authority granted Ambrose a title match against Rollins at the event. Ambrose defeated Rollins by disqualification; therefore Ambrose didn't win the title. After the match, Ambrose took the title belt.[52] During the Raw after Elimination Chamber, Big Show returned alone and quietly separated from the Authority. At Money in the Bank, Rollins defeated Ambrose in a ladder match to retain the WWE World Heavyweight Championship.[53] On the June 15 episode of Raw, The Authority reinstated Brock Lesnar, who returned to the WWE and invoked his rematch clause (after losing the title to Rollins at WrestleMania 31) to face Rollins at Battleground for the championship. On the July 6 episode of Raw, when Lesnar destroyed J&J Security's, Cadillac Escalade, which Rollins gifted, both Noble and Mercury were injured by Lesnar in the storyline; this resulted in them being out of action indefinitely. A week later, during the contract signing for the match on the July 13 episode of Raw, Rollins and Kane attempted to attack Lesnar, but Lesnar thwarted them by executing a F-5 to Kane to the floor and later kayfabe injuring Kane's ankle using a steel step. After Lesnar left, Rollins blamed Kane for the failure of the attack attempt and further exacerbated his ankle injury by attacking him. With this move, Kane was also left out of action indefinitely and this left The Authority with only three active members in Rollins, Triple H, and Stephanie McMahon. At Battleground, Rollins retained the championship when The Undertaker interfered and attacked Lesnar, causing a disqualification in Lesnar's favor. At SummerSlam, Rollins faced John Cena in a "Winner Takes All" match where Cena's United States Championship was also on the line. Rollins was successful when Jon Stewart, the former host of The Daily Show and the host of SummerSlam (who had been involved in a brief feud with Rollins in February) interfered on Rollins' behalf, thus making Rollins a double champion. At Night of Champions, however, Rollins learned he had to defend both of this newly won titles in one night. Cena enacted his rematch clause to regain the United States Championship, while Rollins successfully defended the World Heavyweight Championship against the returning Sting, who suffered a legitimate neck injury in the match that would force him to retire early the following year. At the end of the night, Rollins was attacked by Sheamus, the then Mr. Money in the Bank, followed by a vengeful Demon Kane. Upon returning to the Authority, Kane began playing mind games with Rollins and the Authority members, acting completely ignorant as to his actions at Night of Champions. He then ambushed and attacked Rollins on several occasions as Demon Kane, causing the Authority to grant Kane a World Heavyweight Championship title match at Hell in a Cell, in which both Rollins' title and Kane's job as Director of Operations were at stake. Rollins retained the title and Kane was removed permanently from the Authority.