In "Lethe", Sarek is almost killed and Burnham is forced to save him. She discovers he chose his biological son Spock over her, as Sarek was given only one option of which child to send to the Vulcan Expedition Group, with the Vulcans considering both children "experiments" (half-human and full human indoctrinated in Vulcan culture). The decision is ultimately pointless as Spock chose Starfleet, after Burnham was forced to go. After retrieving Sarek, Burnham attempts to get Sarek to open up to her about their encounter. Sarek pretends to be unaware, but Burnham can tell he is lying, saying he can do better. She says they will have the conversation one day, and leaves calling him "father" to spite him after he said they were technically not family because they are not related. She also develops a friendship with Ash Tyler (Shazad Latif), who helps her through Sarek attempting to push her away.[36] In "Magic to Make the Sanest Man Go Mad", Harry Mudd (Rainn Wilson) takes over Discovery and keeps the ship in a time loop so he can complete his mission to sell the ship to the Klingons. Burnham appears uncomfortable as, during this time, a party is occurring and she struggles with her romantic feelings for Tyler. Stamets (Anthony Rapp), the only one aware of the time loop, warns Burnham while also helping her with her feelings for Tyler. Burnham and Tyler dance and kiss, before Mudd kills him. Burnham manipulates Mudd into turning back time again to save him, revealing who she is and how high a prize she is for the Klingons. She kills herself to convince Mudd to do so, although the next time round, Burnham successfully tricks Mudd and he is sent away. Burnham and Tyler are left imagining their romantic kiss of which they have no memory of.[37] In "Si Vis Pacem, Para Bellum", Burnham and Tyler go with Saru to the planet Pahvo to discover the technology behind the Klingons' cloaking technology, where they kiss again and renew their romance.[38] In "Into the Forest I Go", Burnham convinces Lorca to let her enter the Klingon Sarcophagus ship, where Burnham gets into a fight with Kol (Kenneth Mitchell), ultimately escaping and retrieving Philippa's badge. An attack is made on Kol's ship, blowing it up. Burnham notices Tyler's PTSD attack caused by seeing L'Rell (Mary Chieffo) and later learns that Tyler allowed her to sexually abuse him in order to stay alive.[39]