Davos Seaworth (season 2–present) portrayed by Liam Cunningham. Ser Davos Seaworth, also known as "The Onion Knight", is a former smuggler and knight in the service of Stannis Baratheon; he serves as one of Stannis's most trusted advisers. In his smuggling days, he was said to handle a ship at night better than anyone. Before the events of the series, he earned his knighthood by smuggling fish and onions to the besieged Stannis Baratheon and his army during Robert Baratheon's rebellion. Before knighting him, Stannis removed the last joints from four fingers on his right hand as punishment for his years of smuggling; believing these joints bought his family a better future, Davos keeps them in a pouch around his neck for luck. In Season 2, he loyally supports Stannis' claim on the throne and his honesty and willingness to voice his unaltered opinion makes him Stannis' most trusted adviser, though Stannis often dislikes what he hears. An agnostic, he doesn't accept the priestess Melisandre and her god R'hllor but does not object to her because Stannis is also a follower of R'hllor. He fights in the Battle of the Blackwater, where his ships are caught in a giant explosion of wild fire. His son Matthos is killed and Davos is thrown out to sea. He is picked up by the pirate Salladhor Saan, who returns him to King Stannis. Upon attacking Melisandre for the loss of his son, he is imprisoned and later condemned to death for releasing Gendry. Stannis had intended to sacrifice the boy to R'hllor and hence regards Davos' actions as treason, but Davos shows him a letter from Maester Aemon from the Night's Watch, detailing the death of Lord Commander Jeor Mormont and Samwell Tarly witnessing the growing army of White Walkers. Stannis pardons Davos upon Melisandre's request, as she claims R'hllor calls them to travel to the Wall to help the Night's Watch protect the kingdom from the White Walkers. In season 4, Davos is still at odds with Stannis for releasing Gendry (as Stannis claims that Robb Stark and Joffrey Baratheon are dead thanks to Gendry's blood) and failing to find him a suitable army, but Davos decides to write a letter to the Iron Bank of Braavos so that they may provide them with the currency to purchase an army to aid the Night's Watch against the 100,000 strong wildling army led by Mance Rayder. Despite the Iron Bank's reluctance to back Stannis, Davos manages to convince them and they acquire the loan. Davos then tracks Salladhor Saan to aid them in exchange for gold. He and Stannis arrive at the Wall in time to save Jon Snow from Mance Rayder. In season 5, Davos remains at the Wall with Stannis to help him in his campaign to retake the North from Roose Bolton. Davos is aware that the Night's Watch will choose a new Lord Commander and believes that Ser Alliser Thorne will win. He tries to convince Jon Snow to accept Stannis's offer of legitimization since Thorne will most likely punish Jon for showing Mance Rayder mercy during the execution. Later, Davos departs from the Wall with Stannis, to help him take Winterfell. As the army becomes snowbound, he is returned to the Wall on Stannis' command, sharing a heartfelt moment with Shireen, where he thanks her for learning him to read and promises to be back within days. Arriving at the Wall, he unsuccessfully tries to convince Jon of their cause, when the couple is suddenly joined by a lone Melisandre, whose sullen demeanour is enough to tell Jon and Davos that Stannis and Shireen are dead. In season 6, after Jon is killed in a mutiny, Davos leads Jon's loyal friends against the mutineers led by Alliser Thorne and they achieve victory thanks to the wildlings' help. Davos later persuades Melisandre to attempt to resurrect Jon, which she succeeds in doing, and becomes one of Jon's top lieutenants in his campaign to retake Winterfell from the Boltons, successfully persuading Lyanna Mormont to supply them with men. He takes part in the Battle of the Bastards and survives, but in the process learns that Shireen was actually burned at the stake by Melisandre. He confronts her about it in front of Jon and she admits her role in Shireen's death, and he demands permission from Jon to execute Melisandre, though Jon has her exiled instead. Davos later joins the Northern Lords in proclaiming Jon the new King in the North. In season 7 Davos travels with Jon to Dragonstone. He helps Tyrion Lannister to sneak into King's Landing for a meeting with Jamie Lannister. While in King's Landing he seeks out Gendry and finds him in a smithy, and brings him back to Dragonstone.