Winter arrives in Delhi by late November or early December. Minimum temperatures gradually enter single digits by this time of the year, while days are pleasant. Though usually not cold initially, December suddenly becomes cold in the latter half, as chilly north-western winds from the Himalayas begin sweeping the Northern Plains. These cold waves are caused by a depression created by Western Disturbance, which bring cloud cover and occasional winter rains to the Plains, and add to snowfall in the North-Western Indian Subcontinent. By early January, when winter peaks in Delhi, the minimum temperatures plunge to the vicinity of 0ʡC,[16] though very rarely entering the negative scale. Maximum temperatures, too may drop down into single digits[17] and always stay under 20ʡC. When the minimum temperature ventures very close to the 0ʡC mark, Delhi witnesses frost.[18] Snow is a practical impossibility for Delhi (and the rest of Northern Plains) due to very dry nature of its winter- the coldest conditions happen under clear skies when icy winds rush in from the Himalayas, and a cloud cover (which is necessary for causing snowfall) rather warms the city by trapping heat, thereby junking any possibility of snow. Delhi's winter is marked by very dense fog, which dramatically reduces visibility[19] and makes days colder by cutting off sunlight. In the opposite scenario, cold north-westerly winds from the upper reaches of Himalayas blowing across the city makes the days feel colder, despite any sunshine and the nights further cold.[20] Post mid-January, average temperatures begin to rise very gradually, though the rise is almost contained by the cold north-western winds which result due to very heavy snowfall that occurs in the Himalayas during this part of the month.[21] It may rain towards the end of January and the precipitation is usually accompanied by hail,[22] resulting in slight increase in minimum temperatures due to cloud cover. Maximum temperatures again cross 20ʡC and days become pleasant. By mid-February or somewhat beyond, minimum temperature crosses the 10ʡC mark and days start getting warmer gradually, marking the end of winter. Delhi can sometimes have prolonged season of chill, extending into March.[23][24]