Played by Austin Nichols in a recurring note during season six and as a regular from season seven onwards, Julian Andrew Baker is a movie producer and director. He has gone through life feeling as though he is never good enough as his father had never shown him that he is proud of his achievements. When he first appears he begins a relationship with Peyton when she has broken up with Lucas. After he realizes she will never get over Lucas, he leaves her. Some time after, he heads to Tree Hill to produce a movie version of Lucas's book. At first it seemed like he just wanted Peyton back, but later falls for Brooke as he feels a connection with her as they share a similar past both as footnotes in the Lucas/Peyton love story. In season seven, Julian catches Alex Dupre's eye, a model and actress hired by Brooke for "Clothes Over Bros." Brooke becomes very jealous of the friendship between the two and they break up for a while. After getting back together, the gang take a trip to Utah where Julian proposes to Brooke. She says yes. In season eight, he marries Brooke. Julian and Brooke decide that they want to start a family, so they explore adopting. They meet a nineteen-year-old girl named Chloe. Chloe then decides to give her baby to Brooke and Julian, but once she reconciles with her ex-boyfriend she decides to keep the baby, leaving Julian and Brooke heartbroken. A few weeks later Brooke and Julian decide to move to New York until she discovers they are expecting a baby and decide to stay in Tree Hill. The couple then found out they were expecting twins and after a fall while working they were delivered at seven months and put in a special care unit. At the end of season 8, Julian and Brooke are seen playing at home with their sons, whom they named Jude and Davis. In season nine, Julian accidentally leaves Davis in the car on a hot day and feels extremely guilty for almost killing his son. He carries the guilt around until Brooke forgives him, which allows him to eventually forgive himself. Julian plays a big part in saving Nathan, helping Dan to find and rescue him. Julian also helps Brooke deal with Xavier coming back.