Lauren and Max suffered a car accident, where Lauren was left with scratches, while Max had a concussion and a broken collar bone. Lauren then called for Summer and refers to her in the hospital as her mom. When Lauren comes to see Max, Max thought that Lauren was Payson. They then went to Rio to compete in the World Championships, where they are to compete against favorites China and Russia and their starters Genji Cho and Ivanka Kirilenko. At the qualifications where the top four teams advance to the finals. Lauren, Payson and Kaylie all performed poorly, as Kelly barely saved them in uneven bars as they placed fourth in the qualifying round. After their disappointing performance, Sasha orders the four girls to resolve their issues. Kelly admits she was jealous of the support the Rock girls have for each other and that they are a real team. Kelly then stated that her Mom gave up her scholarship eligibility when she was 9 and that she is jealous that Payson's mother agonized over sponsorship. Lauren then said that to Payson that Max loves her and not Lauren. Kaylie then announced to the press that she did not have an ACL injury but anorexia, with the support of her team but with the disapproval of the NGO. Lauren before doing her beam then admitted to Sasha that it was her that leaked the photo of Sasha and Payson kissing. Sasha then said that he forgives and cares for Lauren, which helped Lauren to flourish in beam and put them in fourth. Payson then injures her left leg after her first vault, knowing that she cannot perform on floor, she chose to perform her second vault, which she landed on one leg with Nadia Comăneci stating that it was the first time since Kerri Strug in 1996, Payson's vault placed them in second. Kelly then withdrew from her position as Payson's replacement on floor for Kaylie. USA then came from behind to win the Gold from China. After the meet, Max said to Payson that he might be in love with her. Austin told the media he is in love with Kaylie, and they kiss. In the end, Kaylie, Payson, and Lauren are holding hands as they stand together, staring at the scoreboard.