Then-Assistant Director Vance takes over for Jenny Shepard during her leave of absence between "Internal Affairs" and "Judgment Day", establishing himself as a formidable presence with Gibbs and his team. He scatters Tony, McGee, and Ziva to various departments and assigns Gibbs a new team in the Season 6 premiere "Last Man Standing" upon being named Director; however it is later revealed that he did this to flush out a mole in the agency. Vance and Gibbs clash during this span, prompting a cold war between them which ends with a détente in "Agent Afloat" at the start of season six. However, the two clash later on as Gibbs feels he cannot fully trust Vance, though he cannot identify a specific reason why. Vance spearheads the investigation into Shepard's death, and is angered greatly when he is not kept in the loop by Gibbs and Mike Franks, who ultimately manipulate the situation to exonerate Shepard from her past failure, not what Vance had in mind. After Shepard's death, and possibly before, he lobbies the Secretary of the Navy hard to take over NCIS, as seen in "Cloak", but in "Semper Fidelis" the Secretary informs Gibbs of a major operation which will require Vance to serve as its head, and that NCIS and the Navy will need Gibbs and Vance to get along. Things come to a head in "Aliyah", when Gibbs accuses Vance of selling out his team to Mossad Director Eli David. Vance responds that Ziva is a plant, used to get Mossad a foothold in NCIS through Gibbs. Vance also reveals that he knows about the true story of the death of Ari Haswari. After this, the two of them realize that circumstances will prove one of them right. At the start of season seven, Vance approves Ziva's transfer to NCIS, proving that Gibbs was right, and Ziva is loyal to NCIS. Despite his professional attitude towards Gibbs' team, Vance shows that he does care about them at least once when Alejandro Rivera threatens Abby in "Spider and the Fly". He tells Rivera to leave before he gets hurt and when Rivera asks by whom, he replies angrily: "By me."