In the mid-season premiere "Nebraska," Hershel disappears after the incident at the barn. Before Glenn and Rick leave for town to find Maggie's father, Maggie tells Glenn she loves him. Glenn leaves before saying it back. They find Hershel in a bar and inform him that his youngest daughter, Beth, has collapsed and is in need of medical attention. They attempt to talk him into returning to the farm, but he refuses. Two men from another group, Dave and Tony, find them. An argument leads to a violent confrontation, and Rick kills the two men. In the episode "Triggerfinger," more armed men from Dave and Tony's group come looking for them, and they get into a shootout with Glenn, Rick, and Hershel. Glenn is wracked with embarrassment and guilt after freezing during the shootout with outsiders. They capture one of the attackers, named Randall, before they all return to the farm. Glenn blames his inaction in town on his deep love for Maggie, and apparently breaks up with her when they get back to the farm. In the episode "Judge, Jury, Executioner," Hershel gives Glenn a family heirloom, representing his approval of Glenn's relationship with Maggie. In the episode "Better Angels," when Randall apparently escapes, Rick, Shane, Daryl, and Glenn go on a manhunt for the fugitive; Shane leads Rick one direction while Daryl and Glenn comb another part of the woods. Glenn and Daryl find and kill Randall who has inexplicably reanimated from the dead as a walker despite no signs of a bite wound. In the season finale "Beside the Dying Fire," when the farm is overrun by walkers, Glenn plays a big part in its defense. During the chaos, he convinces Maggie to abandon the farmyard for the meantime so as to avoid any further danger. He later assures her that her family is safe, and seeing the right opportunity, confesses his love for her. The two eventually reunite with the other survivors at the highway. After discovering that Rick kept secret the fact that they are all infected, Glenn is among the survivors who grow wary of Rick. He and Maggie contemplate leaving camp and abandoning Rick's leadership. They, however, dismiss such thoughts after Rick taunts the group with the option of leaving on their own.